School Desperation

Author: qmarina

*000*2017-02-27 00:31

This is my first story, it's based on a real event, I hope you will enjoy!

*Poop desperation and a messing is involved, so be warned*

###

It was a hot Friday, everyone was looking forward to the weekend. I guess they wanted to go swim, as it was dry and hot weather, perfect for a pool party or a day at the beach. First the school day had to end, though, and I would've never known it could end as bad as I thought it would.

In break I was talking with my friends, just the normal daily chats, nothing too important, though, I heard (and smelled) there was something wrong with the plumbing in school. A sewage pipe had broken somewhere in school and because they didn't know where exactly, they shut the toilets down everywhere in school and cancelled the last couple of lessons so they could work on solving the leakage. After I had finished my sandwich and donuts and drank my bottle of water, which was getting warm so I had to drink it all (warm water on a hot day is disgusting, trust me), I got up and went to my next class.

It was English, normally a very boring lesson about all sorts of literature, but today something fun was going to happen: our teacher prepared a quiz and the winner would get a bag of candy! I had to stay, even though my tummy was saying no. I could feel it filling up, I probably shouldn't have drank all that water.

The quiz went well for me, I answered quite some questions right! That was until I started struggling to hold it a little, I started shifting my weight from left to right, as I was getting more desperate. The last question came, I was second on the leaderboard. The tension was great, I started moving my legs up and down. The tension really wasn't helping. I knew I could just give up and concentrate on holding, but I just had to win! The last question was asked, I immediately knew the answer so I jumped up and almost yelled the right answer. As I moved my body up, I could clearly feel a warm liquid dribbling into my panties and a fart being forced out... I went bright red and the time stood still.

I slowly looked around the classroom bright red, everybody was looking at me. Still trying hard to hold my pee and the newly introduced poop, I sat back down. I expected the class to be disgusted, but instead I was greeted by my teacher saying: 'That's correct, you won!' The class clapped and my friends patted me on my back. Still confused as to why they didn't hear the pitter-patter of my pee and the fart I really let go, I walked to the front of the classroom to get my bag of candy with tiny little footsteps, big steps would have caused a big mess...

The teacher wouldn't stop praising me for my prestations, the class was long gone and I remained in the classroom. I crossed and uncrossed my legs every ten seconds, and I had my arms on my back, my hands slightly pushing on my butt to try and hold in the poop.

He closed the door behind me as I started my walk of shame, 15 minutes after the lesson ended. When he turned around the corner, out of sight, I thrusted one hand into my crotch and the other onto my butt. I swear I could feel the crotch on my jeans was damp. I tried to walk to the bathroom, it was more like shuffling as my feet didn't come up off the floor.

The school was empty, the teachers and students had left and the people still at school were having lunch break. The doors were left open because of the leaving people, I happened to walk by one. I stopped to hold myself a little harder to not let it go, but as I was standing there, some bug landed on my nose. For all I know it could have been a butterfly or something, but it genuinely scared me. I waved around and jumped backwards, which made me fall on the floor. A big squirt made its way out of my bladder and a fart followed by poop trying to leave followed up. My panties were getting wet...

I held myself, the wave flowing out stopped and my poop decided to wait a little. I knew that wouldn't be for long, so I got up and made my way down the corridor. Yup, that was a wet spot on my jeans right there. It wasn't big, just visible and present.

I was half jogging, half walking down the corridor, holding myself, both my crotch and butt. I could feel like spasms and dribbles going into my panties and warming up my crotch, I could hear little farts, they told me I really had to hurry.

I almost ran into the bathroom door once I finally arrived. I had to bend over to try and hold it in before I could actually enter. As I pushed the door, I realised it was locked... All my hopes and dreams were crushed right in front of me.

I just stood there, knowing this was the end. I put my back against the wall and slowly slid down. My hand still on my crotch I realised there was nothing I could do. The nearest toilet I could go to was my house, which was several hundred meters away and the bushes were too far too. A spasm came, dribbles uncontrollably became squirts. I looked down and my jeans revealed the damage being caused at that exact moment. I let go.

Big mistake: I could feel the piss flowing out at insane speed, my jeans got warm and wet and the wet spot rapidly expanded down my butt and thigh. My poop joined the disaster, slowly, yet powerfully moving its way out ruining my panties. A puddle started forming around me, the pee flowing to the lowest point in the floor, which was the drain. I could hear the drops falling in there, it only made me piss harder.

Poop started spreading in my panties, it felt hot and sticky. The pee was flowing harder than ever, expanding the wet patch all the way down my legs. After a while it died out, going from a flood, to a squirt, to dribbles and then... Nothing.

My poop was screaming for a way out, I moaned as my body contracted to force it out. I stood up a little to make space for it and it quickly flowed hard into my panties, filling them up and leaving a lump on my butt.

I sighed of relief, I had no desperation anymore. Just a big mess in my pants and a big puddle on the floor. I stood up, I decided to just go, just get away from school and anywhere with people. I pulled my shirt down so it covered most of my butt and ran out of school, leaving a foul smelling corridor behind.

5 minutes later, I arrived at my house home alone. I couldn't believe I really did this. It felt kind of hot thinking back... The warm dribbles and the hot mess... I wandered off with my thoughts, definitely horny... I spent some minutes pleasing myself, after which I cleaned up my filled up jeans and took a well-deserved shower. No one would know this had happened, and many more times this will happen. In my room, or when I really feel that naughty, outside of my house.

