Paige likes to hold her pee

Author: Quackduck

*010*2021-11-08 02:26

An Experiment in Desperation

All Paige had on when she went to sleep one night was a pair of sweatpants, fully commando and with her breasts exposed. She sat on the edge of her bed until she drained the huge cup of water she'd prepared, then she curled up under the covers. Her stomach was full with cold water; she could hear and feel it slosh every time she rolled over.

Eventually, she fell asleep. It was only sunrise when she woke up busting to piss. She put her pillow between her legs and layed there for a while longer, enjoying the rest but unable to keep from squirming constantly. She actually managed to briefly fall asleep before being jolted awake by the sensation of urine seeping out of her pussy and saturating her pants. Her hands shot to her crotch.

"Holy shit, I have to pee," she muttured as she sat up, gripping herself tightly. She scooted to the edge of the bed, patting her crotch. She lightly pushed down on her bladder with the tips of her fingers, fanning her legs madly and wriggling her butt. It hurt. She started tapping herself on her bulging, piss filled organ, making it pulse under an intense wave of discomfort with every tap.

Paige was experimenting, trying to find for herself what Eleanor had mentioned to her the other night. Although the sensation of a full bladder was giving her the expected, euphoric sensation in her nether regions, she still couldn't shake the instinct to keep pressure away from her belly when she was so full of urine. She pulled the waistband away from herself until it was almost to her knees. The poor girl felt like she was going to pop, her swollen bladder sticking out visibly. She felt a slight draft in between her legs where she had peed herself a bit.

When Eleanor had hit her pretty, she only felt cramped. Paige was pretty hesitant to try recreating that, so she took the cup, put it under her tight bladder, and layed belly-down on her bed, sticking her ass up to keep from crushing her bloated organ too much right away.

Searing discomfort and a soft but uncontrollable leak.

She jumped onto her side, squeezing herself and rolling onto her back. Her bloated, pee-filled organ was screaming. The pain reached all the way down to her peehole. She felt like crying from the torture she was putting herself through. This wasn't worth it, she decided.

She scooted to the edge of the bed again and took her sweatpants off. As soon as the cup was positioned under her pussy, she exploded into it, filling it almost to the brim with hot piss.

*013*2022-01-03 19:17

Paige groggily answered the phone one morning. "Hello?" she mumbled.

"Hey, is this Paige?" said a somewhat familiar voice.

"Yeah..."

"This is Lana, Eleanors friend!"

"Ohh, hey what's up?" she sat up, her morning pee aching gently in her bladder.

"Nothing much, I'm just having this pool party later today and I was wondering if you wanted to come?"

"Yeah, that sounds cool! Could you send me the address? What time should I be there?"

"Yeah sure. Maybe head over at like 2?"

She checked the clock. It was noon. "Sounds good. See you there!"

She couldn't help but feel nervous, though she was excited to meet some new people. She walked over to her dresser and pulled off her pajama pants and underwear, then slipped on her bikini bottoms. Same with her shirt to don her bikini top. She pulled on some jeans and a t-shirt over it and headed for the bathroom, then stopped in her tracks.

Pool party...

She went to the kitchen and poured herself some cereal with a little more milk than usual, then she watched TV as her dull urge to urinate got stronger and more distracting. Soon it was 1 and she wondered if Lana meant leave at 2 or get there at 2. Deciding to leave at 2 and be worst case scenario fashionably late, she got a glass of water and had already drained and refilled it by the time it was 1:30. She squirmed and fanned her legs, scrolling through her phone and waiting for it to be time to leave. By the time it was, she had to go rather badly, and was scooting her butt around in the car as she drove there. A wave of urgency hit her at a stoplight. She bit her lip and giggled, rubbing her pussy as she squirmed.

She pulled into the driveway and went up to the front door, knocking sheepishly and hoping it was the right house. She stepped side to side as she waited, really needing to go to the bathroom. Somebody peeked through the blinds then opened the door.

"Paige!" Eleanor greeted, and they hugged. "I was starting to think you weren't coming!"

"Of course I came," she said, stepping inside and looking around. This girls house was huge. There was a moderate roar of voices from around the house. "Uh, where's Lana?"

"Oh, I don't know. It's hard to get to talk to her for very long at these things. Here, get something from the snack table. You wanna see the arcade?"

"Arcade?" Paige asked, grabbing a soda before being pulled upstairs. Every step was a dull throb in her full, aching bladder. "Whoaa!" she said as they walked into a huge room of arcade cabinets. "This is crazy!"

"They all say it, but you don't have coins to play 'em, you just hit start."

Paige played a round of Ms. Pac Man, then sipped her pepsi while watching Eleanor have a turn. She hadn't even realized she was crossing her legs and hurriedly stood casually again. She wondered if Eleanor would think it was weird that she was holding it in at a party. She'd do it all the time if she could. It just felt so good, and a pool party was the perfect place for it. She could let go at any time. Although she'd need to get to the pool, soon. Her need to pee was getting bad.

They took forever to leave the arcade. When they left, they got swept up talking to friends. It was fun, but her bladder only got fuller and fuller. "Do you want to go to the pool?" Paige finally asked, unable to keep from fidgeting and stepping around.

"...Yeah," she replied, leading them downstairs. A group of people Eleanor knew stopped and talked to them, forcing Paige to keep her squirming to a minimum once again as she was introduced. She barely paid attention to the conversation as it dragged on and on. She discreetly touched her fingers to her bloated bladder, the titulating sensation spreading from the swollen bulge above her pubic bone all the way through her urethra. She really didn't want to ask again, but after a while the poor girl had to pee so bad it was hurting.

"Wanna go swimming?" she asked casually, trying not to look like she was fighting her hands from tightly gripping her crotch.

"Mmm, not swimming, but we can go to the pool," Eleanor replied, heading towards the backyard.

Not swimming? Paige thought, Why else would we go to the pool!? Every step made her swollen bladder throb, but the tingling euphoria told her to keep it in. Eleanor sat on a lounge chair by the steps and Paige sat on her heel at her friend's feet, squirming and trying not to look like she was dying to piss.

"I'm not trying to force you to do something you don't feel like doing, just- how come you don't want to go swimming?"

"I don't know, I just don't wanna... take my shirt off right now," she looked around sheepishly.

Paige was trembling desperately. "Come on, El, nobody's thinking like that!" she pleaded, lowering her voice. "There's tons of people swimming here nobody cares! I wanna go but I don't wanna go without you. I know you got one on just in case!"

Eleanor smirked at her. "Alright, maybe..." she said.

"Hey, Paige, you came!" Lana said as she walked up, "you guys wanna play chicken?"

"Yeah, let's play chicken, El!" Paige was trying so hard not to leak. She'd do anything to get to the pool right now.

"Okay, let's go." She waited as Eleanor pulled off her shirt and shorts. Paige rushed into the water, ready to relax and empty her tight, bursting bladder.

"Okay, get on my shoulders," Eleanor told her as she waded past and bent down in front of her.

Paige hesitated, debating if she should start to release the torrent that was waiting right behind her tired sphincter.

"What, you want me to get on your shoulders?" Eleanor joked. Paige was much too small to carry almost anyone, but at this point she'd almost prefer to attempt it so she could have more time to relieve herself. She knew her friend wouldn't go along with it, though, and she gingerly lifted herself onto her shoulders. The back of Eleanor's head kept squishing Paige's really full bladder and it made her want to cry.

"You okay?" Eleanor asked.

"Y-yeah, why?"

"You're kind of strangling me with your thighs."

Paige released the tension in her legs. "Sorry!" she squeaked, feeling even closer to voiding her bursting bladder all over her friend.

"Okay, you ready?" Lana asked from the top of someone's shoulders. Paige nodded. "3... 2... 1... Go!"

They ran at each other, the massive amount of liquid in Paige's overswollen organ sloshing around from the movement. They shoved each other, but no one fell. They shoved each other again, and this time it made her spurt hard. Please, god, don't let Eleanor have felt that. She needed to urinate so fucking badly. The sensation in her belly was intensely painful. Her urethra was screaming. Would it be obvious if she threw the game?

Turns out she didn't need to. She froze in place as she suddenly started pissing, a torrent impossible to ignore jetting against the back of Eleanor's neck.

POV: Eleanor

I knew she was holding her pee the whole time. She's so bad at hiding it. The lip biting, the random giggling, the touching her belly... I was wondering if she wanted to go to the pool to pee. Pretty gross to pee in someone's pool if you ask me, but I bet she doesn't even think about that.

Poor Paige. She went back to strangling me with her thighs when I felt her hot piss shooting against my head, streaming down my shoulders and my back. I could hear the hissing and the splattering, but it was so loud around us I doubt anyone else noticed.

End of POV

Lana shoved her off of Eleanor's shoulders and she fell backwards into the water, the jolting movement stopping Paige from emptying any more of her bloated bladder. She came up from the water, red in the face and terrified of what Eleanor was thinking. She was under the water, no doubt rinsing herself off. She came up laughing, but her attention was to the group.

"Two outta three?" Lana said.

"I gotta go to the bathroom real quick," Eleanor replied, leaving the pool.

"What about you, Paige?"

"I-I'm okay," she shivered as she started taking a leak again, her swollen organ slightly lessening its intense discomfort. "I think I'm bad at this game."

"Oh, come on! Just one more round!"

Paige was still urinating hard as she said "maybe later, I gotta pee too."

She completely drained herself as she swam to the edge of the pool, pretending to look around for a minute while the last of her bladder contents squirted out. As soon as she was done, she got out and dried off, leaving to look for her friend. She found her leaving the bathroom on the second floor.

"You shoulda told me!" Eleanor said immediately. "I could've looked out for you. I could've done it with you and we could've looked out for each other!"

Paige looked at her, her cheeks burning red. "I thought you'd think it was weird I was doing it at your friends party..."

"I don't care about that. If you're gonna do it, I'd like to at least know so I can help you get somewhere quick if need be."

Eleanor hugged her. "Sorry..." Paige said.

"Unless you pee'd on me on purpose," El added, looking at Paige. "Did you?"

"No! Of course not," she defended.

"Oh. Just asking."

*015*2022-01-15 09:01

Desperate in Public

Paige could see Eleanor squirming in the passenger seat as she saueezed a water bottle in between her thighs into her privates. She pulled into a spot in the Walmart parking lot and pulled the keys out, giving herself a squeeze and asking her friend "how're you doing?"

She was kicking her legs. "Uhh, 7/10. What about you?"

She focused on her intense need to piss. The tingling euphoria swirling in her belly, but also the heavy, throbbing sensation that was starting to hurt. "8," she said, strained. Her hands were pushing into the seat, fingers under her thighs as she rocked back and forth.

"Ready to go?" Eleanor asked, not waiting for a response as she got out of the car. Halfway through the uncomfortable walk to walmart, Paige squeezed her hands into fists in response to an intense surge of pressure urging her to urinate where she was. She struggled to maintain her composure, each step sending shockwaves of urgency through her swollen bladder. She could se El out of the corner of her eye folding her hands in front of her crotch. Niether of them showed much desperation on account of the other people around them in the store until they got to an isle with no one else around.

Eleanor crossed her legs and stuck her butt out, huffing air out of her pursed lips. "What's it look like?" she asked, scanning the shelves.

Paige was marching in place, squishing her thighs together with every leg lift. "They don't have it," she said. "These are all the wrong size."

"So we have to go somewhere else?"

"I think," she double checked, since it was hard to focus on reading the sizes when most of her concentration was on containing her busting bladder. "Alright, let's check CVS."

"Hold on," Eleanor lowered her voice, holding herself and jiggling. "Should we pee here?"

Paige blinked. "Can you make it?"

"I don't know," she stood bent over, hands on her inner thighs. "Probably."

"I'll go if you go," Paige replied, and they stood there squirming for a minute before Eleanor said "let's just go."

As they walked past the registers, a wave hit Paige that caused her to stumble. It felt like piss was going to come shooting out of her burning urethra if she didn't do something. Her hands shot to her crotch for a second, gripping tightly, then she forced them to her sides, her bursting bladder howling in distress.

They walked out the doors and Eleanor said "are you sure you don't want to pee here?"

"We're already out here," Paige said breathlessly.

"Did you leak at all?"

She shook her head. Paige's liquid waste sloshed around inside her with the movement of getting into the car, pounding with pressure and urgency.

"I have to pee so bad!" Eleanor complained as she got in the car, fanning her legs and grabbing her privates.

"I do too," Paige giggled, scooting her tingling crotch into the seat and biting her lip as she pulled out of the parking spot. Throughout the drive, she was constantly pulling the seatbelt away from the bulge of urine it was constricting. Eleanor did her one better, holding the lower part of the seatbelt with her knees as she squeezed herself and fidgeted desperately.

Right before they got to CVS, Eleanor squeaked as she pushed her body straight, gripping herself tightly before plopping back down and jerking her butt back and forth in a frantic potty dance. "Ohhh, Paige, I don't know if I can hold it much longer..."

Paige bounced on her butt, fingers wedged under her crotch and pushing into her privates. "You want to use the toilet when we get in there?"

"Yes," she said without hesitation.

They got there and rushed around every corner of the store looking for public restrooms.

"Can we ask to use the staff one?" Eleanor gripped her vagina with both hands, crossed her legs, and bent over.

"Let's just get our stuff and hurry home," Paige said, her intensely full bladder constantly sending cramping pangs of urgency. She couldn't stop moving as she looked for the right size on the shelf, her friend squirming just as badly beside her. "Got it!" she said, picking it up.

"Okay, please, let's go!" Eleanor whined, hugging her privates and dancing around.

"Act casual," Paige said, forcing herself to stand up straight. Her legs continued to jerk toward each other. She felt like they had to to keep all of the urine inside. Eleanor faired even worse, trembling with her hands balled into fists at her side for a few seconds before lurching forward and squeezing herself.

"I can't!" El said.

"Okay, I'll pay, you just keep dry."

"Can I have the keys?"

Paige went up to pay while her friend waited in the car. Standing at the counter waiting for a cashier to come up, had her legs crossed and she was swaying her hips side to side. Her bladder was so full she could hardly take it, but pleasure tingled from the tip of her urethra to the swollen oasis of piss inside her and she didn't want it to stop.

"Hey, sorry about that," the cashier said as he walked behind the counter. "Is this it?"

"Y-Yeah, that's it."

"$14.59."

Her legs were still crossed, and she pressed her thighs together even tighter as she counted out the money with shaky hands. Another surge of pressure came. She could feel every uncomfortable contraction of her overfilled bladder trying to squeeze any amount of urine it could. She jerked her butt back and lurched forward a little bit, leaning her elbows on the desk as she counted the cash, trying to stay as casual as possible.

"You good?" asked the cashier.

"Y-yes!" she squeaked, her cheeks turning a shade of bright red. Another contraction hit, forcing her to jolt her body even worse. A trickle of pee came out as it happened.

"We've got a bathroom in the back you can use..."

As he said it, she shoved the money at him, grabbed her merchandise, and ran for the exit.

"Yo, your change!" he said, but she couldn't go back. It was too humiliating; her visible desperation was getting too obvious for a public setting.

Paige was holding herself tightly as she rushed to the car. A bit of pee squirted out of her again as she pulled on the locked door handle of her car, then stood there squirming and jumping around until her friend unlocked the door.

"Can we go back and ask for their bathroom?" Eleanor asked, clearly overwhelmed. She was kicking her feet, scooting around in the seat, squeezing and unsqueezing her privates. Her pale face was flushed red and glistening with sweat.

"I can't go back in there," Paige replied, wincing as she started the car. "I peed a little bit when I was talking to the guy..."

"Oh, Paige..." she brought her knees up to her chest, then a couple seconds later she put them down and went back to squirming and scooting. "Did he see?"

"He didn't see the pee, but he saw me... react to it," she said as she started pulling out.

"Wait! I, uh... I don't know if I can hold it..."

"You want to go back in and ask? I'll wait out here if you want to..."

"No, nevermind! Just keep going! Let's go home," Eleanor hurriedly said.

"Home? Are you sure?"

"Yes," she said tightly, twisting up like a pretzel and scrunching up her face.

Paige was dying to piss. The drive was extraordinarily uncomfortable. It felt really good, but the pounding from her urinary system was impossible to ignore. It was so bad that it was all she could think about. She winced and groaned as her poor bladder started contracting painfully and squirting more piss out of her tired urethra. "Nnn~!" she moaned as one hand shot between her legs, gripping her vagina tightly as she squeezed every muscle in her lower body.

Suddenly, Eleanor said "can I dump out this gatorade bottle and pee in it?

"I'm drinking that!" Paige replied, jiggling her thighs.

"You're drinking something now???" she winced and jolted her butt back. "Ohmygod, well what about this pringles can?"

"Is that gonna leak?"

"I don't know!" she squeaked through a clenched jaw, doubling over and holding herself.

"And you're gonna do that in broad daylight?"

"I'm gonna have to!" she whined, squeezing herself between her legs as tight as she could. Eleanor felt like piss was about to come shooting out at the first inkling of muscular relaxation. "Don't look," she said as she unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down to her lower thighs. Unable to completely hide her vision, Paige could see quite a bit out of the corner of her eye. She pushed herself up so her butt was a few inches off the seat, then positioned the pringles can under her vagina. A second later, she huffed in frustration and plopped back down, holding herself and scooting around. Then she scooted to the edge of the seat, pringles can in place. The sound of liquid squirting into the can came for a second, followed by Eleanor jumping up and gripping her crotch.

"I-I don't know how to do it!" she whimpered, frantically trying to keep her piss in. "Some got on your seat I'm really sorry..."

"It's okay!" Paige squeaked, too preoccupied with her own battle. Her underwear was now so soggy with urine that she could feel it all the way to her butt. Her hand was wedged between her thighs and she was pushing her fingers hard into her leaking pussy, her straining urethra starting to fail against her overswollen bladder.

Eleanor moved the seat back so she could lower herself to a squat, immediately pissing hard into the pringles can. "Ohh, fuck!" she moaned, hissing and splattering emanating from the rapidly filling pringles can.

Paige scooted into herself as she started to tremble, her focus totally disregarding the pleasure of the feeling for the anxiety of at least getting to her house somewhat dry. They were only a few minutes away, but listening to her friend's loud stream she felt seconds awiay from pissing.

"Ahhh!" Eleanor whimpered, jumping onto the seat and fidgeting madly, holding a pringles can filled almost to the brim with her hot piss. "Do I dump it out? I ca- I can't--"

"I don't know!"

El covered her lap with her arms as a car went past. "You okay, Paige?" she asked, holding her bare pussy and squirming madly as she tugged her pants back up.

"I'm not gonna make it," she muttered. The walls of her tortured bladder were stretched thin, the vast contents feeling like an ocean inside her. Liquid came dribbling out of her as she slowed down to make a turn. "I want to stop somewhere and go. I'll just pop a squat."

"You got this!" her friend told her, writhing in her seat. "Hold it in! Actually, here," she rolled down the window and dumped her piss out of the pringles can. "I'll hold this in place for you if you want me to. That way, we won't have to stop."

They stopped at a stoplight. Paige gripped herself with trembling hands, jerking her butt around. "Are you sure?"

"Totally. You'd better hurry up before it turns green."

She hesitated, then she put the car in park as she pulled her pants and underwear down below her knees, pulling one foot out so she could spread her legs a bit.

"Your bladder is huge!" Eleanor commented. Paige was almost fighting back tears as she started to dribble again. "Put it in place!" she begged as she scooted to the edge of the seat.

Eleanor reached over and held it between her friend's legs. The dribbling pulsated in strength until it was a jet of streaming urine pattering against the can. Paige could feel hot fluid leaking into the middle of her seat. She didn't even care, it felt so good to finally relieve herself.

"Green," El told her. She hurriedly took the car out of park, still peeing hard, and accelerated slowly down the road. A car quickly passedbher, hopefully too fast to see what was going on. "Careful!" Eleanor suddenly said, urine overflowing from the can and splattering against the car floor.

"I-I can't stop!" Paige's thighs jerked, her stream barely even faltering.

"Uhhh," Eleanor felt her friend's hot urine leaking onto her hand and wrist. She awkwardly took the can back, spilling some of the pee around on the way to dumping it out the window.

Paige was pissing directly onto the car floor, filling her seat and soaking her legs, shoes and pants in it. "Oh, god..." she groaned miserably.

"It's okay!" Eleanor positioned it back under her friend's squirting pussy, the stream connecting with her fingers as she moved it.

"I'm really sorry," Paige apologized, her face a deep shade of red.

"It isn't the first time I'm in contact with your pee," she responded, holding herself and squirming. "Jesus Christ!" she said as Paige overflowed the can a second time. She quickly dumped it out the window, but the stream was weakening to a spurt by the time she emptied it.

Paige was fully drained for the first time in hours. "I think I have..." she was breathing heavily, "a better idea of where my limit is."

"I do too," El said, bouncing in her seat.

"Godd..." she groaned, covering her exposed privates with her hand. "I should've just peed myself. It's everywhere anyway and now I'm naked." She reached down and pulled her soaked pants and panties over her lap, covering almost everything.

"Dude, I still have to go so bad," Eleanor complained. "I feel like I'm gonna pee my pants."

They pulled into Paige's neighborhood. Eleanor squirmed madly the whole way there. As soon as they were in the driveway, she bolted to the house, then stood dancing at the locked front door while Paige pulled her cold, wet underwear and pants back on. She rushed over and unlocked the door, hurrying to her room with her friend, who practically leapt onto the toilet and started pissing hard without shutting the door.

*018*2022-01-21 02:46

Desperate Shower

Eleanor woke up in Paige's bed, a night's worth of urine tightly collected in her bladder. Paige wasn't next to her. She lifted her head and tiredly looked around, spotting movement in the crack of the bathroom door. She could hear the shower running. She rolled out of bed and entered, hot steam fogging the mirror as she brushed her teeth. She went over to the shower and yanked open the curtain.

"Jesus, El!" Paige exclaimed, startled, covering her wet, naked body with her hands. "You scared me!"

Eleanor giggled, going over to the sink to spit. "That was the point," she said. She sat on the closed toilet lid while her friend showered, wriggling because the pee inside her wanted out. "Does flushing the toilet actually make the shower water burn?" she asked.

"Yeah," Paige called.

"I wanna pee and I'll just remember to flush after," she said, holding herself and stepping side to side as she raised the toilet lid. Paige popped her head out of the curtain.

"I gotta pee really bad right now, I'm holding it," she giggled, her little pink nipple visible for a second as she went back in. Eleanor stood squirming for a second, considering.

Paige poked her head out again. "You need a shower?"

Eleanor chuckled as she pulled her shirt off, then her leggings, then her underwear. There was an inkling of shyness, as there was every time she did something like this with one of her friends. She opened the curtain and stepped in. Paige was doing a potty dance as she washed shampoo out of her hair. Even though she wasn't yet completely under it, the hot water was a shock to Eleanor's bladder and she started to get antsy again. She stepped in place as she squirted shampoo into her hand, pressing her thicc thighs together and sticking her butt out as she scrubbed it into her hair. She'd hold herself if her hands weren't preoccupied. She felt like she was going to leak!

El would usually pee as soon as she entered the shower. It was almost routine, like her morning pee. Holding her morning pee in the shower was introducing a whole new level of difficulty in holding in her urine. She really, really had to go. It wasn't that the volume of urine she was holding inside her was surpassing her limit, it was the circumstances of the hold that were taxing her. While her hands were busy shampooing, her bladder managed to squeeze a squirt of piss out of her. She lurched forward and jerked her butt back so hard she fell to a squat, digging her heel hard into her nude, leaking vagina.

"You okay?" she heard her friend ask.

"Yeah..." she replied, straining her urethra shut.

"Wanna rinse your hair? Switch spots?"

Eleanor pushed herself up and stepped directly under the water, her full bladder pounding with pressure. Thighs tightly squished together and legs bent at the knees, she held her hands up to rinse them off so she could hurry up and hold her privates. Stretching like that was almost unbearable. Poor El was dying to piss.

"You got a little pee baby," Paige commented.

"Ohhh my goddd!" Eleanor moaned, her half-rinsed hands shooting between her legs as she started to dribble again. Pleasure tingled suddenly around her pussy from the pressure from her hands, up her urethra and moved through her overstretched bladder in waves. Hot water was cascading down her body, covering her in warmth as a constant reminder of her aching need. She bobbed up and down and gyrated her ass as she squirted body wash into her hands and lathered it all over her body.

"You gotta pee worse than I do!" Paige said, holding herself and kicking her legs.

"It's the waterrr!" she whined, dancing and writhing.

"Well, you definitely have a lot inside you," Paige said as she poked her friend's bulging bladder. It felt more like a jab. Eleanor squeaked and doubled over as she started pissing again, grabbing madly at her crotch and writhing frantically until the stream was stopped. She had to pee so bad she couldn't think.

"Ready to get out?" Paige asked.

"Yes!" she quickly replied, turning off the water and dancing while she waited for her friend to grab a couple of towels. Eleanor tightly held her privates, scrunching up her face and pacing back and forth in the shower. She thought it would've gotten easier to hold it once the water was off, but now she really was bursting with piss! She forced her legs apart, stepped one foot out of the shower and spurted onto the wall of the tub, buckling at the knees with the effort of stopping and dropping onto her pussy against the wall of the tub. She scooted back and forth a few times, rubbing up her pussy with both hands, before her body started releasing pee again. She whimpered and intensified her writhing, trying to hold it but being unsuccessful. Still pissing, she brought her leg over and sat on the tub wall, finally relaxing and letting herself explode. Piss shot out of her and splattered messily against the tub, covering her legs and feet.

"Oh, poor girl. You didn't make it?" her friend asked behind her.

"Holy fuck, I really needed to go," El breathed, putting a hand over her deflating bladder bulge as golden liquid spouted out of her pussy. She pissed for what seemed like forever.

"You might as well rinse yourself again," Paige said.

Eleanor was still pissing hard as she stood up, liquid cascading down her thighs. She turned on the shower and emptied herself, her hot, yellow piss mixing with the warm water.

*020*2022-01-22 19:48

{{18 hours ago, orangelion said:

Amazing chapter, but I'm still wondering what they bought at CVS.

}}

Windshield wipers

*024*2022-03-04 07:38

Getting Permission

Paige couldn't hold herself with the towel wrapped around her waist, but she was squirming madly. It was torture watching Eleanor relieve herself in the shower. Her bladder was so full it was driving her crazy, but the tingling pleasure around her pussy and up into her overstretched organ begged her to keep it in, to fill herself far past her body's limit and more. While her friend showered her urine away, she bent down to the sink and drank from the faucet until her belly was cold and full. She almost leaked and jerked her butt back, the towel falling to the ground when she did it. She saueezed her bare pussy, goosebumps forming on her skin from the chill of being completely naked. She hopped around and squeezed herself, the surge of pressure refusing to pass. Her pussy became wet for another reason. "I have something I wanna try- ooh," she crossed her legs and doubled over, "but I wanna have to go worse..."

"You don't have to go bad enough?" Eleanor chuckled, turning the water off. "Throw me a towel."

"Just feels really good right now," she said, tossing it her friend. "I can hold more, though."

"You look like you're about to bust."

"I'm busting, for real! I'm busting bad!" she jumped up and down, holding herself.

"Hahahah! You're stupid," Eleanor stepped out of the shower and sat on the toilet, drying her hair with the towel before dropping it on her lap. She assumed a dramatic, kingly voice. "What would you do to gain access to this porcelain throne right now?" she pointed at the desperate girl.

Paige smirked. "Anything! Anything!"

"Would you stand on your head?"

"I don't think I can do that even when I'm empty!" she said, pressing her thighs together with every side-to-side step.

"Would you do ten push ups?"

Paige winced, her bloated organ cramping with desperation. "I can try," she lowered herself to a plank and started. On the fourth one she started shaking from the exertion, struggling to keep it inside. On the sixth, she spurted. She fell on her side, holding herself and giggling, jerking her hips back and forth. "Ooh fuck!"

"You're never gonna get to use this thing at that rate."

"I gotta go bad," she used her towel to wipe up the drops of pee on the ground, then sat on it and jiggled her legs while holding herself. "I gotta go worse than I thought, I think..."

"Would you lay on your belly? While I sit on your back?"

"That's a weird one," Paige said, before suddenly wincing and tensing her legs, squeezing her thighs together and cringing. She dug her fingers into her crotch with one hand and squeezed her other into a fist, punching into the ground. "Fuck--!" she muttered breathlessly, urinary urgency pounding in her privates.

"You okay?" Eleanor asked.

"I really really really have to pee," she rubbed her fingers up and down her pussy, biting her lip.

"You need the toilet?"

"Yes!" she sat on her knees so she could dig her heel into her vagina, "it's really bad..."

"Then for ten seconds, you gotta lay on your back and I'll sit on your belly," she said, "I changed it."

Paige hesitated, biting her lip as she gyrated her ass, then layed on her back on the cold bathroom floor, her round bulge of piss bulging out of her abdomen. Eleanor stood over her, then lowered herself gently until her naked butt was touching her friend's belly. They had never been quite this intimate before. Paige could feel the heat emanating from her El's genitals.

The urinary discomfort was immediate, but so was a sudden euphoric feeling spreading throughout her privates. As Eleanor gradually let her body weight weigh down on her, Paige started to writhe and squirm, her overfull bladder being squished both painfully and pleasurably. Her hands shot to her crotch, her forearms wrapping El's thighs, and Paige cringed and squeaked as the pressure increased.

"You okay?" Eleanor asked, holding some of her weight in a squat.

"Y-Yes!" Paige tried to keep her eyes from tearing, her bladder howling with urgency. Her dire need to urinate was killing her, amplified intensely by the heavy force being exerted on the girl (Paige is much smaller in size than Eleanor). Conversely, but not quite conversely, it felt so fucking good. She looked at Eleanor and giggled, biting her lip, her cheeks turning pink. Her pussy felt hot.

A few seconds after Eleanor started sitting all the way down on Paige, who's legs writhed madly and hips gyrated shakily the entire time, her friend started releasing pee in an increasingly strong stream. Eleanor didn't notice at first. She had to hear it.

"Nnh- Eleanorrr--" Paige moaned, squeezing her pussy tighter and tighter. It loudly gurgled against her hands. El jumped up as soon as she realized what was happening. The pissing girl sat up and grabbed at her vagina, frantically squirming and dancing, trying to make the stream stop. She splattered a lot of the bathroom floor in doing so, her friend recieving a portion of it. "Ohh my godd--!" Paige whined as she managed to stem the flow, scooting her butt back and forth and digging her fingers into her nude pussy. Urine dripped off her legs and hands.

"Was that too much?" Eleanor asked sheepishly.

"Uh-uh," Paige shook her head and replied breathlessly, almost dreamily. "Ooh, I have to peee... so fucking bad..."

"What was that thing that you wanted to try?"
