Broken Bathroom in a Spaceship (female desperation and Wetting)

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-05-07 03:05

In this story I put a desperation pee and a fear wetting in it. I really hope it's good, I kind of got lost near the end and had to make a lot of revisions. Enjoy

Tess was aboard the most magnifigant starship in the galaxy, the Coriphite. It was compact, but fast. It could hold only three people: Tess, Geneva, and Daniel. They'd been sent on this aircraft to investigate a strange distress call from an unknown ship.

Daniel was the pilot, Geneva the engineer, and Tess the soldier (in case there was trouble).

They were already three days into their voyage.

"What do you think happened to them?" asked Daniel through the intercom in the cockpit. "I don't know, I'm just here to fix their ship once we get there," answered Geneva from outside the ship. "Jeez, this panel is really busted. What did you say hit it?"

"Some random space debris. I swear I didn't see it."

"Mmhm," said Tess, who had appeared seemingly out of nowhere behind Daniel. "Just like you swore you weren't watching me change this morning through the crack in the door."

Daniel turned bright red in the face. "I wasn't! Honest to god!" Although in his mind, he was picturing the pale, beautiful body he'd witnessed in the nude just a few hours before.

"Just keep driving, pervy!" Geneva teased. Daniel got even redder.

"I'm going to the bathroom," said Tess, "if I see you looking under the door I'll blow your head off." She smirked as she walked away. Daniel was grateful, because his boner that took long enough to get rid of this morning was back yet again.

Tess evered the restroom. This wasn't a normal toilet, though. Here, you had to press a button and it would rise from the ground. It helped get rid of odors and no one had to clean it. Tess tapped the button, but was greeted with nothing but a small click. She pressed it twice more, harder this time, but it was obvious that it was broken. She'd have to tell Geneva.

She looked in the mirror and fixed her white-blond hair, which embarrassingly stuck out to the side. Although she isn't one for vanity, she certainly would have spent more time on it if it weren't for the dull ache in her bladder.

In her room is an intercom where she can speak to the others.

"Geneva, are you busy? The toilet won't open up."

"Sorry, Tess, but the debris hit this thing pretty hard. I'm gonna have to be up here for a while."

Tess made an inward groan. "Alright, thanks."

They reached their destination after about three hours. Geneva was still outside of the ship and Tess was still out of luck. She often moved her hips aroundand did a slight dance in place, but this only went on for a few seconds. To anyone around her, it would appear she had a bladder of steel (and she does, for the most part), but on the inside she was hoping for the toilet to be fixed soon so she can release the liquid pent up inside her.

"We're almost there, you guys. Just another hour," said Daniel. Geneva was still outside of the ship. "That might be about how long this will take, too." She groaned. "I'm really tired."

"Hold in there," Daniel told Geneva, but it applied to Tess as well. She was about a 6 out of 10, even if she didn't show it.

An hour passed. Tess's condition only got worse. She was working out for a short time, but it only made her situation worse. The dull ache in her bladder was contracting more and more often, each time more intense. She couldn't help but move her feet around most of the time. Occasionally, she would put her hand on her crotch (something she would NEVER do in front of someone) and squeeze. It did help a lot to relieve the pressure.

Tess heard the side doors of the ship open, and Geneva came walking in. She took off her helmet, exposing her black, curly hair around her caramel brown face. (Tess always hated straightened hair, but hers would never curl, so she cut it short.) Tess shifted her weight as discreetly as she could now that she could be observed by someone else. "Hey, did you finish?" Tess asked.

"Yeah, and just in time. We'll be at the ship any moment now. Once we get back, I'll get started on the bathroom right away. I really need to pee," she laughed. Geneva was a bit more open about things than Tess, who just laughed and pushed her legs together.

Tess was back in her room when the ship landed. The jolt added extra pressure to her bladder, and she winced. She felt her belly with her fingers. A small yet firm bulge of urine could be detected. She shifted her weight on her buttcheeks and rubbed her crotch before getting up and putting on her suit to go out on the ship.

. . .

They were all suited upand were ready to leave onto the ship. It looked completely deserted. No lights or engines were on.

"Hey-- just to make sure..." Tess embarassingly asked, "can we use the bathroom in these suits?"

"Haha, no. I wish, though... Oh that's right! You have to pee! Are you going to be alright? You've been holding it for a long time."

Tess's cheeks turned red, and she fought the urge to move when another wave hit. "I'm fine. Not too bad."

When they entered the ship, it seemed like it was completely deserted. "We should split up to see if we can find someone. This could have just been an engine malfunction," said Geneva. "I'll go this way."

Tess walked alone down the corridor. The ship was way bigger than the Coriphite. When she shouted for any survivors, it echoed through the place. She moved her hand to her crotch and pushed with the tips of her fingers. It was an ache, but she didn't know when she would be able to still do that.

Suddenly, while she was walking, the biggest wave yet hit. She bent her knees, shoved her hand into her crotch, and accidentally let out a small spurt. Her bladder was giving in, and she had to fight it. She rubbed her clit hard to keep it in, then kept walking.

More waves like these kept happening. Her bladder would contract, and urine would squirt into her panties. You wouldn't be able to see it on her pants, but she could certainly feel it on her skin. She was doing a constant dance, where she kept doing a one-legged march.

She passed a bathroom. She hopefully pressed the button, but nothing happened. There was no power. She crossed her legs and bent forward as the intense pressure in her abdomen doubled. Pee shot out of her and trickled down her leg. Her pussy twitched under the enormous pressure, but her pride kept her fighting. She saw the cockpit in the distance, and that might give her some information about what happened.

As she walked, every few steps she had to stop to hold herself and bend forward. When she came into the pilot's chamber, there was a stack of danger warnings. Tess was intrigued.

Her legs were wildly bending and stepping about. Her hands kept switching between holding her crotch and looking through the papers. She whimpered and tears welled up in her eyes and her bladder decided for a second that it was too much, and a huge wave of desperation came over her. A two-second long pee ensued in her pants. There was no way she was going to make it back to the ship. She had to pee NOW.

She unzipped the zipper on the back of her suit that opened her back and exposed the top of her butt. The ship was chilly, and she contemplated whether or not she should actually go pee right now. A sudden wave hit, and she doubled over with her hands on her crotch, fighting the torrent built up inside of her. This was reason enough.

She scanned the room for somewhere to go, but her pee dance was causing her suit to fall further and further down on her body, and she decided to just go in the corner. she couldn't wait for any other oppurtunity.

She skinned the suit down off her legs just as a wave hit, and she spurted pee out onto her suit and the floor. She squatted as the dams burst and a foreceful stream of piss came hissing out, pattering on the floor. She couldn't help but moan a little. It just felt so damn good to finally get relief.

Her bladder emptied the last few spurts of pee she had left. Her pussy was soaked and quivered in the cold air. She let out a sigh of relief and began to pull her suit back over her exposed body, when she heard something strange-- Geneva scream.

. . .

When they split up, Geneva and Tess had a similar problem. they both needed to pee. Geneva didn't need to go nearly as badly as Tess, but it was still a dull ache in her abdomen. A pulsating reminder of it was constantly there.

She was checking all different rooms for someone. One room seemed like it was a hallway, and in the distance it looked like a person. She shouted for them, but they were already out of sight. She ran after them, anticipation and the movement put unwanted pressure on her bladder. When she turned the corner, she was greeted with a grotesque, horrifying alienmonster.

She screamed and fell backward, fear washing over her. It was too much for her to hold it. She was so scared that she emptied her bladder, a 20 second long piss erupting out of her groin into her suit and soaking herself.

From behind the alien creature came two laughing men, both of which were strangers to Geneva. "That was so good!" one of them said, "this is a great episode."

"What the hell is going on here?" Geneva yelled, getting up. She hid the discomfort she had from the pee held prisoner in her suit.

"Okay, time to confess. We're on a prank TV show, you've just been pranked by us?"

Geneva didn't say anything.

"You're gonna be on TV!" the other man said.

Tess came running in. "What happened? Who are you?"

They explained what they were doing. "We teamed up with your company to send you guys out here. Hidden cameras are everywhere here!" He glanced at a moniter showing the room Tess had peed in, then smiled. "Everywhere." She turned bright red in the face. It was unbelievable.

But that footage was later lost, along with the two men's dignity as they walked away with broken noses (gifts from Tess).

End

*004*2017-05-07 23:54

{{10 hours ago, JLH99 said:

Awesome story! It was incredibly unique.

}}

Thanks!

