Erotic Desperation and Wetting

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-05-27 01:09

I tried to make a kind of twist on this story by avoiding a situation where she was forced to hold her pee (like in a school or work environment) or wanted to. I hope you enjoy!

People called Riley a whore. She never thought of herself as one, and neither did her friends, but she decided that her new relationship would be different than the others. Before this, she felt like they rushed into sex. Sending nudes, kissing on the first date, etc. She shut her locker and exchanged cold glances with her ex Kevin, who simply complimented her on a "cute pussy" and never spoke to her again. She wouldn't make that mistake again. She'd been dating Nicholas (her current boyfriend) for almost ten months and they didn't do anything sexual yet. She wanted to make sure it wasn't the only thing he was after. But now, as she secretly watched him get his things for the next class, she wanted to do it. Tonight. They had plans to "hang out at Nick's house" and maybe spend the night, which they did many times before, but this time was going to be different.

Later, she was sitting on her couch. She hadn't masturbated in almost a week and a half, and she was horny. Riley considered it, but didn't. Tonight she would have the real thing.

She heard Nick's truck pull up in her driveway. Immediately she jumped up and headed for the door before she realized she forgot her shoes. 'A little less eager,' she thought, 'come on now.'

She got inside the car.

"What do you want to do tonight?" Nick asked.

"I don't know, I kind of want to stay in. We should watch a movie. Are your parents home? Maybe we can use the big TV."

"They're in Atlanta for some kind of business trip."

Perfect.

Riley took a black hairtie from her wrist and fixed her blond-brown hair into a ponytail. She wasn't going to suck his dick, she just wanted to look nice.

They stopped at a store.

"What movie?"

"I don't care."

He jumped out of the car and left for a redbox.

Riley waited and waited and waited. What the hell was taking him so long? She was horny. She wasn't used to having to wait so long. She took two of her fingers and touched them to her crotch and rubbed. Slowly and sensually, up and down, rythmatically. This wouldn't do the job, but it felt good.

The door suddenly opening made her jump. "It ws broken. Some guy was fixing it but he was taking too long, lets just use netflix."

"Okay," she replied. She was jittery now.

She later found herself in his house with the lights turned off, watching a screen browse Netflix. It was 8 pm and she was nervous. She never had to make the first move before, and this was a relationship built off love, not lust. She excused herself to the bathroom.

As she sat on the toilet, a million scenarios ran through her head about how she would go about doing this. She was nervous, but even more so she was horny.

She opened the bathroom door, but still had no idea what she was going to do.

"What do you want to watch?" asked Nick.

"How about this?"

GOD that was awkward. Why was she being so awkward? What a weird thing to say, they're not in a movie.

Although her nerves made her regret having said that, it was too late to turn back now. She unbuttoned her shirt, revealing her beautiful body. She did the same to her jeans and kicked them off.

They kissed. "I'll do anything you want," she said, pushing her tits together.

"Anything?" Nick asked, smiling and unhooking her bra.

"Anything."

"Then I... I have a request."

Riley looked at him sideways. "What kind of request?"

"I'm into this... kind of taboo thing.... Not super weird, like I don't want to suck your toes toes or something, but uh..."

She watched him fumble for words.

"I want to watch you hold your pee."

"Hold my pee?"

"To your limit, as long as you can."

She wasn't expecting this. "I umm... I just peed, though."

"It hits you faster than you think, trust me."

Riley hesitated. "Okay, sure. I'll do it."

Nick laughed and kissed her. She kissed back, but her mind was racing. 'Hold my pee? I can't believe I agreed to that. I just had to go and say "ANYTHING"'

She had a two liter bottle of sprite next to her throughout the movie. She didn't drink anything for a long time, so she was able to finish almost half the bottle by the 30 minute mark. After about an hour, she felt a vague twinge in her bladder.

"Do you have to pee yet?" he asked.

"I guess..." Riley was seriously looking forward to conventional sex. She was really horny, and almost wet. Nicholas was in front of her so she was out of his sight, and she began to touch herself.

After 20 minutes, he suddenly turned around. It made her jump again. "You gotta finish the bottle soon so you have to pee."

"Finish it? It's so much!"

"It's less than it looks."

She finished the bottle. Her belly was bloated and she felt like she was going to throw up. She was sitting as still as she possibly could.

Later on, this feeling faded away. She took off her bra and threw it in front of him as a not-so-subtle hint that she wanted to go all the way. He looked at her and saw her tits for the first time and smiled. She sat up on her knees and he got onto the couch with her, where they kissed passionately, he felt her boobs in his hand, and his other hand lightly touched her pussy through her underwear. She was more turned on than she'd ever been.

Suddenly, it was as if the contents of the bottle dropped into her bladder.

With a small "ooh!" she bent at the waist a bit.

"You have to pee?"

She was fidgeting already. "Yeah..." As a girl who always went to the bathroom as soon as the urge hit her, she knew this wouldn't be an easy challenge for her. Nick kissed her until she layed down on the bed, then stopped and sat up.

"What the hell?" Riley asked, confused and fidgety.

"Wait just a little longer."

Throughout the movie, her situation got worse and worse. She edged in her seat, fanned her legs, rocked back and forth, and anything else to help ease her situation.

Finally, the movie ended. Nick turned to her. "You good?"

She needed to pee desperately. She'd never held it in for long periods at a time. The longest she'd ever held it in was probably for an hour in school, and she didn't drink too much water. She hadn't wet herself since she was a toddler. All she could think about right now is the urine inside her waiting to get out.

"I'm fine," she told him. She was clearly squirming and grabbing at herself.

"I want you to stand up for me." She did. She was doing a dance-in-place with her hands at her sides.

"Come on, Nick, let me pee," she said, laughing, "I really gotta go."

"Take your underwear off." She did. Riley openly pressed her fingers onto her pussy to hold it in. Nick began to touch himself watching her.

She crossed her legs and bent forward. "Oooo... I'm not gonna last much longer..."

"Hold it," he said, unzipping his pants. "I want you to keep your hands at your sides and don't cross your legs."

"I'll pee!"

"Just do it."

She let her hands stay at their sides. She was still shifting her weight and sometimes marching with one leg. Her naked body shivered.

"Push your pelvis out." She did it. Tears began streaming down her face. "This... it's... my bladders going to explode!"

"That's impossible. You're okay." He examined the poor girl's pee bulge. It portruded out of her belly like a water balloon. He touched his fingers to it. He immediately saw a jet of pee escape out of her pussy.

"Don't do that... please... it really hurts..."

He pushed down hard on it. All of the urine that was pent up inside her shot out. She lurched forward and fell, one knee and one foot on the ground. Pee was streaming out of her quivering pussy all over her ankles, legs and floor. Nick kissed her while she peed for a long time. He grabbed her tit and felt her urine stream escape.

"Oh my god, there's pee everywhere," Riley said shamefully.

Nicholas said nothing. They made their way to the couch and made love over an enormous puddle of her pee.

