Lab 28 - Page 3

Author: quiez

*052*2017-04-17 16:00

Sure! What do you have in mind?

*054*2017-04-18 11:02

Yes, that's exactly what I had in mind! We'll have to transit there somehow though. I'll find an excuse. In the meantime:

19. Exit

That was easier than I thought. Phew. I returned a smile to Lenna. Her response was admittedly sweet. ‘I can feel my…bladder again. I think...pee is coming. Can I let it out?’ Lenna broke the silence. I glanced at my watch. 12:55pm. She fills up really fast. 8 minutes. Probably not unheard of for me especially after alcohol, but still, that’s definitely some robot for you.

‘Yes, of course.’ I found it rather strange that Lenna was asking me if she could pee again, but at the same time her words and my response had an increasingly warm and fuzzy feeling to it. Maybe granting permission to Lenna was satisfying the control freak in me. Or perhaps being the responder to the question was simply a relief from my daily escapades of having to work out how to ask everyone else around me if I could pee.

Lenna squeezed my hands as her pee shot out; she let out a sigh. It was rather pleasant to have her reciprocate the simple action and I realized how powerful holding and squeezing somebody else’s hand was. It reminded me of how Charlotte squeezed my hands when I was upset or down. Her powerful stream was hitting the bowl; it was clear and didn’t have any obvious smell. I was wondering how pure it was given that it probably had been through what was very likely a powerful filtration process. She peed for exactly 7 seconds again.

I released Lenna’s hands, got up, stepped back and stretched my legs. Lenna was looking at me while I was doing so. I caught Lenna in the eyes again. She had an inquisitive sparkle. ‘I…Aisha? I…Can I see your…panties, Aisha?’

I was caught by surprise. ‘Umm. Ok? I…Why do you want to see them?’

‘You are beautiful too, Aisha. And…I cannot explain…but I…I have this desire…to see....’ She stopped; I could see her blushing slightly as she gazed down on the floor in front of her. She continued with her eyes down: ‘Since we are privately here…I…can I see…your panties?.. Maybe to see what colour you’re wearing?’

This was completely unprecedented. I was caught. Maybe she was just curious? But what if it was something more complex? I hesitated. I looked at her, not knowing quite what to say. Lenna continued: ‘Sorry I asked…I…I can’t understand the desire, also. Maybe you can just pretend you didn’t hear it?’ She was blushing even more.

But I can’t say no, can I? I had the exact same desire earlier when she wanted to remove her skirt to pee. And besides, I am in the same bathroom stall as she is now. It should be fine, right? I mean, she’s a female too, right?

‘It’s ok. I’ll let you see them, ok?’ I slowly wiggled my skirt up to show off my lower body to Lenna. Lenna was observing me intently and I could see a strange sparkle in her eyes. I started blushing as I realized she was eyeing me from head to toe and then focussing intently at the space between my legs that was still a little damp as it came into view. ‘I…You are really...sexy, Aisha.’ Was her first reaction. She continued slowly. ‘And your panties… I like how the fit on..you. And the colour you choose and the pattern at the top. I think I actually wanted to see…because…I know you…uri..pee when we were on the grass but…notice that your skirt is not wet like mine or Elina’s…but your panties...are still wet?’

I blushed even more. Lenna looked up as she finished speaking and our eyes met. She was obviously feeling rather embarrassed too for saying what she just said and it showed in her expression. No one was so forthright as to tell me I was sexy, ever. Not even my two-and-a-half past boyfriends. Half because it was one of those confused perpetual stuck-in-going-on-very-expensive-and-formal-dates relationships. Besides, compliments always came in more self-serving ways like where they choose to focus their eyes on and touch. I guess I just have bad luck with guys. The reason why she wanted to see my panties was the real embarrassing part though. She didn’t quite make sense but I knew what she was referring to. She’s quite observant. ‘Umm…I…well……’ I stammered.

Just as I was experiencing internal conflict in deciding if I should reveal my secret, I heard the bathroom door open. Elina’s voice called out with a concerned tone: ‘Lenna? Aisha? You guys alright?’

‘Yeah, we’ll be done in a few moments’ I quickly seized the opportunity as a chance to change the subject.

‘Ok, I’ll be waiting outside!’ Elina chirped.

Lenna looked at me expectantly. The interruption gave me the opportunity to pull together and I mouthed: ‘It’s a secret.’ I heard the door close and continued in a whisper: ‘I’ll share this special secret with you later, yeah? But you must promise to be a happy girl.’ Lenna grinned. ‘Ok! I promise.’

I pulled my skirt back down and straightened it. ‘Do you know where the bathroom is upstairs at the café?’

Lenna replied almost instantaneously: ‘Yes, I do. I’ll go in quickly to pee after we arrive, ok?’

‘Sounds like a plan. Let’s go.’

I looked down at the floor and was surprised that the puddle that had been at my legs for the last ten minutes or so was starting to shrink. I looked carefully; it seemed as though the liquid was seeping its way into the floor. I see. Micro capillaries. Self-draining and self-cleaning. Are the floors outside of the stalls in the main wash and make up area built this way too? I wonder how much this bathroom cost. I wanted these floors so badly for my own place but couldn’t afford to install them everywhere I wanted them to be. I settled for a few tiles in front of my potty, my desk in my study and in front of the stove, for obvious reasons.

I eagerly and absent-mindedly opened the stall door to check on the drops of liquid that Christine had left in front of the stall that she used earlier. Sure enough, they were gone without a trace. I took a couple of steps to marvel at the floor before realizing that the stall door was wide open with Lenna still undressed on the potty. She was looking on at me with a curious stare, as if trying to figure out what I was doing or looking at.

‘Oops. Sorry. Maybe you can put on your panties and skirt? Luckily there’s no one else in here.’ Lenna stood up, pulled her panties and skirt up and started fastening her belt. The perfectionist in me started whirring. She didn’t wash. I guess it doesn’t matter for her anyway, but still, she should wash. Additionally, the way in which she took off her belt before peeing or attempting to pee was really inefficient. Argh.

We went to the sink and washed our hands. I couldn’t bear my own thoughts. ‘Lenna, actually…’ I started out without knowing how to continue. ‘The next time you pee… you were struggling to take off your belt, right?’ Lenna nodded. I continued: ‘Maybe…you could do this instead?’ I faced Lenna, pulled up my skirt and exposed my panties for the second time before feeling really dumb. Didn’t I just do this. And I’m outside the stall now in front of the mirrors. I hope there aren’t any security cameras. My goodness. My panties are still damp. Argh. I could feel myself turning red.

Lenna was confused; I could see her eyes wandering around my crotch. I guess my out of context demonstration didn’t help at all. ‘Do...what?’

‘I mean, pulling up your skirt saves you the struggle of taking off your belt and skirt before peeing right? That way you will reduce the chances of wetting yourself.’ I finally managed to blurt the awkward message out.

Lenna smiled. ‘Okie. That’s a good idea. I will do that.’ Where on earth did she learn “okie” from?? It was so odd to have her saying that.

I pulled down my skirt, straightened it and looked at Lenna. She was gazing at herself in the mirror and caught my eye. ‘I’m ready, let’s go have your lunch? I think you are hungry?’ Lenna was surprisingly motivated on my behalf. I felt a warm fuzzy feeling as I exited the bathroom. First time I’ve had someone bother that I was hungry. We stepped out of the lobby and Elina was waiting outside at the far end of the lobby, staring out of the window into the central courtyard. Her diminutive silhouette contrasted with the giant double height panel of glass that she was looking out of. I wonder what she’s thinking about.

‘Elina?’ I called out as we neared her.

She immediately spun around and chirped: ‘Yup! Let’s go get lunch! I’m starving!’ She walked towards us. Of all things, she had two bottles of water held against her chest; one was half finished. ‘Here’s your ID! I got it settled while you guys were in there.’, she said as she handed me a holo-card. ‘And I got another bottle of water for you, in case you get thirsty later.’ She must have gulped down half of the other bottle again. She looked at me expectantly, as if waiting for me to drink from the bottle.

I obliged. I accepted the bottle of water from Elina, opened it and took a sip. I was thirsty after all. My eyes shifted to the holo-card. It was a polished piece of transparent optical polycarbonate embedded with a printed electronic display that showed my name and photo in three dimensions; I marvelled at it. It sparkled under the light coming in from the window. I glanced back up and saw Elina’s cute eyes looking at mine.

I wonder if she knew what we were doing in the bathroom. ‘Sorry we took so long…we were…cleaning up after the event on the grass earlier.’ Elina looked at me. I winked at her. She winked back. She obviously knew what happened to Lenna. ‘Great! I cleaned myself up too when I went to my office! Let’s stop talking and go get lunch!’

*056*2017-04-20 10:12

Read the few lines just above the title of this chapter only if you want a spoiler and/or are interested in determining how the story flows. Otherwise, just continue with the chapter and enjoy.

I will be making references to those very popular and long running stories on this forum that I find attractive. There are two so far; there was a reference in the bathroom on the ground floor and another reference hidden below. See if you can find them.

I am still undecided on whether I should be painting a "dinner in town (i.e. evening) chapter" with Christine in place of Lenna. Both characters would be drastically different in terms of bathroom behavior. I somehow think Christine might provide myself (i.e. Aisha) with a breather over the "Lenna experience" given Christine's drastically larger bladder capacity (and to add some big bladder stuff that is non-existent, although the context might be slightly out of point from the title of this story). We can bring Lenna out to town and build the relationship after the night out with Christine, since it just so happens to be Thursday today and Friday tomorrow. Lenna gets prime time (i.e. Fridays), right? Any thoughts?

20. Cafeteria

‘Ok, let’s go! I am really hungry too!’ I tried to sound as chirpy as I could; I immediately realized being chirpy didn’t suit my tone nor my voice when I had Elina beside me. It was just more ‘normal’ than Elina’s and didn’t have the cute chirp tone to it partly because it was slightly lower pitched. I looked at Elina, she smiled at me and said ‘Were you imitating me? You sound rather cute when you try to chirp.’ I blushed and grinned. ‘Oops. Well. Can’t beat the best at their game, can I?’ Elina laughed. Lenna actually smiled.

We made our way into the elevator and took the lift to the top floor of the building, the 10th floor. Elina started speaking as soon as we left the elevator. ‘There is a staff cafeteria and a fine dining restaurant in this building. Both are on the top floor.’ Elina paused. ‘Only the cafeteria offers free food staff members though. The fine dining restaurant is usually reserved for high profile visits only or if you want to splurge. The cafeteria pretty good food though and I haven’t found it lacking...It’s served buffet style. You can even order off buffet items at the counter as long as it’s not too exotic.

She paused again, as if thinking what else she should be saying. ‘Just try not to go for anything related to tacos. I had a really, really bad stomach the last time I tried it and I strongly suggest you don’t take it. I think it’s the chilli seeds.’ Her words sounded vaguely familiar. Why do all cafeterias serve toxic tacos? I recall my university canteen and my previous company’s cafeteria had toxic taco’s too. Maybe it’s just some sort of random fad.

The 10th floor appeared to be dedicated to staff recreation; the elevator lobby opened up into a wide double story volume that was brightly lit by a huge skylight in the ceiling. It felt like a luxury hotel lobby with open lounge areas, an island pantry with various beverage dispensing gadgets and even an automated grand piano that was playing lounge music. Plush sofas similar to those that I saw in the meeting room on the ground floor furnished the space; the wall we were walking past was adorned with an odd mix of abstract art and company material that comprised everything from work health and safety illustrations to scientific journal publications.

The corridor started narrowing as I observed a gym on the left; it looked very well equipped. Elina obviously felt it necessary to emphasize the point: ‘This is the main campus gym and it’s probably the best you can find in town. Everything you want is probably in there. There are lessons here in the evening. I only attended once when I came but didn’t really go after that…’ She trailed off as if clearing thoughts from her mind. I should ask her what she went for later. ‘Well, regardless, the East Wing cafeteria is right after this gym on the right.’

Her ‘right after’ meant something like another 100 meters of corridor with gym equipment on the left and relaxation lounges on the right. ‘This place is huge. Is it crowded during lunch peak?’ I had to ask as the corridor widened up into a large dining area.

Elina looked at me and replied. She had a rather downtrodden tone to her voice. It was as if the place brought back memories she didn’t particularly like. ‘Well…yes. It’s relatively crowded compared to now, but not too crowded. Almost the whole campus comes here for lunch. It’s designed as a sort of confluence area to allow people working in specialized fields to meet one another. I guess that’s to promote collaboration? It’s a pretty good idea I guess. And the view’s quite good too. You can see almost three quarters of the campus from the windows in the cafeteria since this is the tallest building around here.’

I looked around. The cafeteria was huge and had spectacular architecture. The whole place looked like it was built into the hollow of a tree with cut-outs for windows that were overlooking the campus. Some of the dining tables appeared to be built of the same material as the walls; they looked like they were grown straight out from the floor. The place was well lit from slits in the ceiling that appeared to let sunlight through.

It was relatively empty save for a few stragglers and one or two late lunch groups. I immediately noticed the long buffet table filled with trays of food that was being serviced by flying drones. They were all specialized for the task; some had sprays and suction designed for cleaning while others had utensils attachments for food manipulation. They were tidying up and aggregating half emptied trays together so that the empty ones could be brought in for washing.

I looked on as I saw four drones working together to lift up one of the trays out of their holders after it was emptied and proceeding to fly the tray into the massive open plan kitchen. More drones and a few robotic arms took over to wash and clean up. There were some that were manipulating food, presumably engaging in food preparation for the next round. We continued walking towards the buffet table.

‘Are they closing?’

‘Oh no. They never close. This place runs 24 hours. It gets crowded at dinner again too.’ Elina smiled. She obviously knew this place was pretty unique for what it was.

I noted the lack of human staff. This was despite the fact that the cooking equipment in the kitchen looked like it was designed for human use. ‘How many people does it take to run this place?’

‘Well, as far as I know, two. It’s pretty amazing how they manage to cook up a few hundred meals a day with just two people. Sharon is the head chef and Tony’s her assistant. She’s over there at the service desk.’ Elina replied as she pointed to the other end of the cafeteria. I looked; there was a middle-aged lady working at what looked like a chest high holo-screen about 10 rows of tables away. She waved at Elina. Elina waved back.

‘If you want anything special, ask her. Don’t use the automated ordering system. It sucks.’ Elina looked at me as if she was giving wise advice. Elina was obviously not the person to show off the best that the campus had.

I suddenly remembered Lenna. She had been silent since we left the bathroom on the first floor. I turned around; she was right behind me. She looked back at me with a worried tint in her eyes. Crap. She’s supposed to go to the bathroom. I looked down and saw her knees pressed together.

‘I think Lenna needs the bathroom…’ I started. Lenna blushed.

‘Yes. Lenna needs the bathroom. Can Lenna go? Okie?’ Lenna interrupted before I finished. Lenna was looking at me with innocent looking eyes.

What was with her ‘okie’ and her acting cute with the third person?

*059*2017-04-23 15:23

Yes, it was. The tacos. Wonder if Flonne and the almighty Saril are in this universe too.

Idea on the contrast is interesting. Yes, Lenna does have a weaker bladder, sort of, although I don't really like the term because it's rather general. She just has sort of a higher 'metabolism' due to her artificial nature and she hasn't really learned to control her artificial muscles down there reliably. We'll figure out soon why this is the case.

I will be rather busy in the coming week, hence the general slowdown. Will try to write something nevertheless! Enjoy.

21. Lunch

‘Yes, sure, please go…’ I said. With those words, Lenna turned and started taking small fast steps towards the service desk. I saw a door beside the desk marked with a bathroom sign and looked on as she went towards the door, opened it and went in.

Elina looked at me with amazement. ‘Wow. What did you tell her? She’s never done that before. I have had always got to accompany her to the bathroom. And…well. She goes pretty often. And…I am not very good at teaching somebody else how to use a toilet…I guess I should never be a mother? I think she must have wet herself half of the times I accompanied her there.’

‘Oh. I see. Actually, I am not sure what I told her either…’ I trailed off as I noticed the bathroom door that Lenna entered was opening again as I realized my statement didn't make much sense.. Lenna emerged, approached Sharon at the service desk with unsteady paces. She started gesturing at the bathroom door. ‘Look like’s something’s wrong.’

Elina glanced in the direction I was looking. ‘Oh no! Let’s hope it’s nothing serious…’ She looked back at me. ‘Maybe you could go have a look? I could order lunch for the both of you. I usually get the tempura bento set for a treat. Is that OK with you?’ I looked at her. It was as if her eyes were already telling me to say yes. Guess she really doesn’t want to handle Lenna.

‘Sure. I’ll get what you get. Just no beef or lamb, ok?’ It was redundant information, but I felt it was necessary to state my preference to Elina to offset whatever good bargain she seemed to be getting out of the situation. Elina gave me a look. She obviously got the message. ‘No, don’t worry, no beef or lamb in there. Ok? And don’t worry, it’s nice. I promise.’

We made our way through the maze of tables towards Lenna and Sharon. Lenna was starting to be frantic. I could see her left hand clenched and she was pressing her thighs together as she gestured repeatedly at the door towards to the door. Fragments of the conversation started reaching my ears as we got nearer. ‘.....really!....I can’t get the cover up!! Can you go have a look please Sharon?’ ‘But my darling, I know you really need to go, look, I am busy now, but maybe you can go downstairs and use the toilet downstairs?’

Great. What’s this cover Lenna talking about? I walked right up to Lenna from behind, held her clenched left hand and squeezed it. She was obviously startled; she quickly turned around to look at me. She was obviously very nervous; I could even see fear in her eyes. I knew the first priority was her to get Lenna back into the bathroom so that if she had to wet herself at least she’ll be in a private space. ‘Don’t worry Sharon, we’ll go take a look since you’re busy. Come Lenna, let’s go in?’ I started walking and pulled Lenna towards the door; Lenna reluctantly followed me with tiny steps.

We finally reached the door; I pushed it open with my free hand. It opened up into a wood-themed corridor that led to five unisex cubicles on the right and three ornate sinks on the left. It was a rather small toilet for the volume of seating outside; they were quite obviously counting on dining staff using facilities elsewhere. There were red indicator lights on four out of the five doors inlaid into the ends of the handles. There was an accompanying loud washing noise. I walked to the last cubicle that did not have the light and pushed the door open; Lenna was hobbling along with me as I did so.

The cubicle was a complete contrast to the toilet on the ground floor. It was well used with hair and some tissue on the floor. This place must be packed during lunch. Probably a hellhole of a toilet. The potty was covered with a white lid. There was a robotic arm dangling from the ceiling helplessly repeating a grabbing motion in the air; quite obviously, this cubicle was meant to go into some sort of a washing cycle but it never made it past the first phase. I let go of Lenna’s hand and tried pulling the edge of the lid in an attempt to take it off the potty. It did not budge. I pulled harder. This time, the lid lifted a little but I was immediately startled by a loud whistling noise that accompanied air rushing past my fingers; a huge suction force slammed the lid back down. I lost my grip and fell backwards out into the corridor.

Fortunately, Lenna was standing out of the way as I fell backwards; I landed on my butt on the ground just in front of the cubicle. Great. What a day. Some sort of suction flush toilet. I looked at Lenna on my right; she was rubbing her knees together. The look on her face told me she was at the stage of trying to hold her pee in again; it was the same grimace that she had while she was sitting on the potty earlier while I was crouched in front of her. Her hands were digging into her thighs and she was leaning slightly forward.

I knew she only had a few seconds. It was as simple as that. I glanced around. Ok. Where would I pee if I were her? Drainage hole? I glanced around. Shucks. Nothing. I suddenly caught sight of the sinks. Ok, she’s going to learn to pee in the sink. I quickly stood up, held her hand and whispered: ‘Lenna, I know you need to go very badly…can you lift your skirt like I showed you earlier?’

She whimpered and immediately started to wiggle her dark denim skirt upwards to expose her crotch. Her knees were still pressed together. I noted her slim thighs were very much like mine; they didn't seem to help apply pressure on her urethra at all when she tried to press them together. Instead, the space that remained between her thighs just below her crotch served only to accentuate the damp dark blue patch on her light blue panties that was glistening with fresh wetness. Her lower belly exhibited fullness, although it was not as curved as when she had to go while we were in the toilet on the first floor. The damp patch stretched all the way to the back of her butt.

I pulled her towards the sink. ‘Lenna, I…umm.. ok. I know this is an emergency. Do you think you can…pee in the sink?’

Lenna looked at me. ‘How?’ She sounded breathless.

I was caught again. How was I going to show her how to do it?

*061*2017-04-27 13:17

Glad you're loving it!

22. Eyes

‘Follow me.’ I walked towards the sink as I wiggled up my skirt, exposing my panties in the process. I leaned my crotch forward such that it was over the sink. Fortunately, the sink was relatively low and I could just reach the edge with my crotch when I leaned forward in my heels; this meant that Lenna wouldn’t have an issue given that she was slightly taller and had slightly higher heels on. I turned to my right to ask Lenna to follow before noticing that she was already moving towards the sink beside me. She stood such that she was facing me at an angle and was giving a rather pained frown.

I could see her thighs quivering as she spread them to get into the stance she needed to reach her crotch over the sink. Her hips and belly were protruding as she put in effort to lean forward. She struggled to balance and gasped just as she was about to get into position. I glanced down and saw clear liquid drops fall to the ground between her legs. She burst as soon as she leaned her waist forward over the sink; a powerful clear jet shot out from between her thighs, through her panties and into the sink. The blue cloth darkened as it soaked some of her liquid, however, it didn’t seem to affect the strength of her flow at all. It was spraying hard into the sink; droplets were splashing out on the mirror in front of us from the sheer force of liquid hitting the surface.

I was mesmerized. Watching her struggle and release just before she released whatever control she had was admittedly thrilling. I felt a strange rousing sensation. The fact that she was going in the sink added to the pleasure of watching her. Her stream was powerful and it was pure beauty to see it emerging from the sleek curves of her lower body. Lenna’s eyes were closed from the relief; her frown was replaced with one of relaxation as she emptied.

I watched and listened to Lenna’s version of pee emerging from her body for about two seconds before feeling a tingle building in my own bladder. Before I was ready, the tingle hit me without warning; I realized immediately that I hadn’t gone since we were on the grass and watching Lenna release just beside me was not helping at all. I immediately shrank back from my front leaning pose, stuck my butt out and clenched as hard as I could. In spite of my actions, I could feel a spurt escaping and spreading. The vague coolness of my slightly damp panties was being replaced with warmth from my fresh leak. I gripped the sink with my hands as I fought to regain control as Lenna’s gushing jet continued for another few seconds.

The wave continued on until Lenna’s stream ended as abruptly as it had started. It was a breathless five seconds as I fought to regain control. I looked down at myself and could see wetness glimmering between my thighs on the white satin stretched over my mound. A small drop that had escaped the confines of my underwear was making its way down my right thigh. That really caught me by surprise. I looked up at Lenna to see how she was doing. Her face was filled with relief. She was now no longer leaning forward but was standing just in front of the sink with her skirt still up. I could see her curious blue eyes looking inquisitively at me. She obviously saw me struggling to hold in the urge I just experienced.

‘Aisha, thank you…but..are you ok?...you…do you have to pee too?’

I blushed. This was really awkward, but I was somehow happy with answering the question. ‘Yes, ...you..umm..peed very…hard, Lenna. The sight of you peeing made me want to pee too. You mentioned that you had to pee after hearing Christine’s noise in the bathroom on the first floor? It is similar to your feeling I suppose and…well, that’s natural...’

I didn’t want to reveal about the fact that my small bladder was probably also pretty full and that it would empty soon anyway, whether I wanted it to do so or not. It was an inconvenient truth that I choose to ignore given that there was no proper place to empty it right now. I felt I was responsible and could control my bladder after so many years of Kegels. I almost felt like I was supposed to be the older sister who was guiding Lenna. I didn’t need to pee in the sink, did I? I knew I could make it downstairs.

My bladder suddenly tingled again. The sensation was powerful like always, but was slightly different from the orgasmic control I had earlier. It was as if my body did not agree with what I was thinking and wanted, well, out. I clenched and instinctively took my right hand off the sink and pressed it against my urethra. I could feel a small amount of wetness seeping out from within me. Looks like that orgasm on the grass earlier really drained my muscles.

‘Aisha, I think, you have to pee too, right?…I...maybe you could pee also…in the sink? I…promise I will keep it to myself ok?’

I looked into Lenna’s eyes. Her soft blue pupils and curled lashes touched me expectantly. Her eyes were speaking to me. She wanted me to pee like she did. ‘Can I watch?’

*062*2017-04-29 12:50

23. Seeing

Our eyes met for several seconds. Her gaze was almost forceful with expectation that I peed in the sink. It felt strange, but I somehow didn’t feel it was wrong. My bladder suddenly protested strongly again as it reminded me of the liquid it was struggling to contain. It seemed like I didn’t have much of a choice. I pressed my right hand harder to help my clenching as I felt a small wetness entering my panties.

‘Promise you won’t tell anyone.’ was the only phrase I could manage. Lenna looked at me. ‘I promise.’

I let go of my grip on my crotch and immediately felt the pressure pushing down on my muscles. I tried to clench harder as I took a step towards the sink. It was fruitless. My wet panties were at saturation point; I could feel a small rivulet starting to run down my left thigh. I gasped as my muscle memory activated an important sequence in reaction to my immediate need. I had probably done this a hundred times before.

In less than a second I was in position over the sink with my panties aside to my right. The jet started coming out immediately. I couldn’t resist the predisposition for release. Waves of relief washed over; my gushing filled the air as pee swirled in the sink that I was standing at. It was slightly yellow against the white shallow sink, an indication that I had not drank a lot and probably why my bladder was so irritated. I could feel my breathing slowing down and my body relaxing as I emptied. An acrid aroma rose to my nostrils as I calmed. I blushed as the smell wafted to the extraction in the ceiling; I realized Lenna was intently watching my release through the mirror in front. She had a clear frontal view of my shaven pussy and the pee exiting my body.

I was so distracted by the conflicting feeling of relief and embarrassment of another being watching me release that I lost count of the seconds I went for. It was my first time consciously releasing in front of somebody else. I was conscious of the eyes inspecting my crotch, my thighs and my hand holding my panties aside, and most of all my pee stream. It was a mix of feelings, a wave of embarrassment followed by a sense of pride over showing off my body and how skilled I was at, well, peeing in a sink.

‘Thank you for showing me, Aisha.’ Lenna said as my stream started dying down. ‘It was most...remarkable. If I can, can…’ Lenna paused. I triggered the traditional faucet, scooped a bit of water and rinsed my crotch. There was a small hand towel dispenser underneath the mirror; I yanked one out and dried myself, starting with the rivulet down my thigh. It took me about half a minute. I patted the creases in my skirt down as I pulled it back down to give myself some decency.

‘You mentioned you want to do something?’ I finally turned to face Lenna. She was blushing. Her skirt was still up and her panties was still exposed. It was somehow even more attractive with the fresh wet stain hugging her shapes. I held her hands. ‘Don’t worry? You can tell me what you think. I’ve already peed twice with you watching me today…I don’t suppose anything else will hurt?’ I was truly speaking my mind. After all, I had to be comfortable to this subject I was working with, and she had to be with me, right? And if there was anything, I’d rather know now than wait for Lenna to tell Elina I had just peed in a company sink, right?

‘Well…’ She began. ‘I actually wanted to see you…wiggle…maybe like the way you did on the grass…I thought you did that when you pee…so, I …wanted to watch you do it again…’

I looked at her in astonishment as I realized that Lenna was speaking of the moment I orgasmed while losing control on the grass. It was mortifying, but at the same time I felt the sharp kinky perk from the memory of the event arouse my senses. ‘Really? But… why do you want to watch me do that again?’

‘…I…can’t explain, Aisha. It is the same as the feeling I had when I wanted to see your panties in the toilet downstairs…’

I paused for a moment. ‘Do you mean you like seeing me do that?’

Lenna nodded slowly.

Great. This is getting complicated. ‘Ok? I think we have to talk later? Let’s have lunch first. Maybe you could dry yourself a bit using the towels and pull down your skirt?’ I pointed to Lenna’s wet panties. ‘You’re going to stain your skirt again if you sit down like that.’

*063*2017-05-01 09:56

24. Afternoon

I didn’t know what to feel as we left the bathroom. I was confused. Lenna was silent as we approached Elina, who was already sitting on a square table for four nearby with two nicely laid out bento sets and a large soda. Elina didn’t say anything to us as we approached; we sat down in silence, with Lenna choosing the seat diagonally opposite mine that was beside Elina. I caught a glace of her eyes; she looked away as if she was very embarrassed at what she just admitted.

I decided to break the silence. ‘We’re back! This looks great.’ It didn’t come out as bright as I hoped it to be.

Elina obviously sensed that there was a tension between Lenna and myself. ‘You two took really long. Is everything ok?’

‘Yes.’ I was surprised that Lenna answered in unison to my response. I looked at her and smiled. Her apprehensive look went away and she smiled warmly in return.

Lenna added: ‘We took a bit long because the cover was stuck. Aisha managed to get it off.’

Wow. She learns fast. Time to change the subject. ‘Is that soda for Lenna?’

‘Great, thank you for sorting out the cover Aisha...in return…I got your lunch…see! As promised!’ Elina winked. ‘It looks great, right? And, well, it’s not exactly soda…they only have soda cups. Lenna likes apple-beetroot-carrot juice the best, so they kinda juice it for her and put that in a soda cup. She doesn’t really like drinking the normal soda varieties, right Lenna?’

Lenna nodded. ‘The normal soda stings. I don’t like the bubbles.’ Lenna paused. ‘And it makes me so full of gas after. I think you and Elina burp? I can’t! It’s frustrating. I became so full and thirsty at the same time…it wasn’t nice…’

I couldn’t help but smile. It sounded funny regardless of how serious the underlying topic was. Elina was almost giggling. ‘Yes, I tried to teach Lenna how to burp, I even tried patting her back but it didn’t work. She tried it for several hours and in the end, we had to send her back to the lab for Jan to help. That reminds me…’

Elina took out her communicator. It was a tad bit newer than mine was a nice semi-translucent screen. ‘Lenna I think you have to go in for an operation in the lab downstairs at half past 3 or something? Some fuel cell thing? We kinda have to hurry…’

Lenna frowned. ‘Oh yes. I…’ she let out a deep sigh. I could tell that whatever it was, it was not something she liked.

‘What is it?’ I asked innocently as I took up my chopsticks and attacked the juicy sashimi that was lining a compartment in my bento set. I didn’t see the point in having food before me that was not being eaten.

Elina started filling in the gap. ‘Well, I’ll try to explain. You see, there are many teams other than just Jan’s team that are working with Lenna. They are all constantly trying to improve on their work. Now…about three weeks ago…there was a party for Lenna’s inauguration…they called it an inauguration because we couldn’t think of a better term for it…somebody decided to try to see if Lenna could drink. Like, consume alcohol.’

Lenna was listening to Elina telling the story for her. She seemed glad she didn’t have to narrate it.

Elina gestured towards Lenna. ‘She ate...like…one or two pizza slices and a few bits of finger food, was it? Just to see how it taste like. She was doing fine, so they wanted her to try drinking some of the champagne they had brought in to celebrate. That was when things started to go a little bit crazy.’

Elina paused. ‘I’ll save the details, but basically Lenna didn’t quite have a good time and they had to fix her up. She kinda passed out?’ Elina looked at Lenna, ‘I guess that’s how it felt for you?...I am really not sure how it went…I just know you really didn’t feel good…’

‘I don’t know how it feels like to pass out. But you are right, I didn’t feel good at all and after a while everything just went black.’ Lenna finally started talking after taking she drank her juice. ‘Then when I woke up was on this place with very bright lights, laying down. My clothes were removed. I realized I was being…shut down and they were…fixing me.’

I looked at Lenna. She had the same fearful look in her eyes as she spoke. ‘I was out for a few days and only knew because of the calendar. I learnt from Jan later that there was a serious problem with my body. Both of the fuel cells I have in me were damaged and they had to replace it or I would…cease to exist. He said it was not possible to back me up. I had a sentience and he was not sure how I would carry over as a consciousness even if he copied all the data out of my body while I was shut down…’

‘Don’t worry, I think he would take all steps he can to ensure your well-being, Lenna. I saw his concern for your well-being earlier today.’ I tried to reassure her. It was an inference I was making that what Jan was referring to this morning as ‘data-loss’ was related to this belief that offline transfer of consciousness was impossible. ‘So the operation later…fixes that? That’s a good thing, right?’ I was no longer surprised that she was so aware of her artificial consciousness. It seemed that openness was the manner in which the organization choose to interact with its AI.

‘From the last project meeting I attended, the team seemed to have…come up with another fix…’ Lenna trailed off and sighed. ‘I just don’t like being fixed like that…makes me feel like I’ll never wake up again.’ She even attends the project meetings talking about...her? That must either feel terrible or empowering.

Elina looked in surprise at Lenna. I could understand why. Lenna probably never said something like that in front of Elina before. She was quick to apologise. ‘Umm…sorry Lenna. I never meant to bring up something that affected you so much…’

Lenna looked at Elina. ‘It’s ok. I know it has to be done.’ She turned back to face me and continued in between sips of her drink. ‘I read all their papers about it, the fuel cells. They put temporary ones in me during the fix. The temporary ones were prototypes. Jan said they were expected to last a few weeks. But they were not sure themselves. They installed some backup battery in case the cells failed. I found out from Jan that I can keep the battery fully charged by drinking before I am thirsty. That’s why I have been trying to drink more often. The new ones supposed to prevent the problem from happening again. They supposed to process alcohol and starch combination properly. I think they will be taking half the batteries out. I am not sure. That decision was just yesterday. Before you came.’

I was speechless once again. Why does Lenna know so much? Given that she already knew all about her origin and everything that was being done to her, what was there left for me to assess or even do? Why was I even here on this team?

*064*2017-05-04 15:32

25. Fruits

I finished the last bit of rice from my bento and drained my glass of green tea as Elina went on about the little puppy she had recently adopted from an animal shelter. She was a fast eater and had finished everything before I did. The bento was pleasant; something that I would definitely try again. Lenna was still drinking her giant soda cup of juice when I finished my meal and was listening intently to Elina go on about her puppy. She seemed really interested in animals. I glanced at my watch; 2:09 pm. Some time to get down to office and have a chat with Lenna.

Elina noticed I was done. ‘Shall we go? I could drop both of you off at your office and you can have some time with Lenna before she goes downstairs?’

‘Ok. I guess I’ll have a lot of reading to do this afternoon.’

‘Yup! I learnt really very fast that everything here is really complicated, like really, really complicated. Like it really makes me feel really dumb? I really hope you don’t become like Jan, babbling things I really don’t understand?’

‘I’ll try my best not to yeah? Simple is good.’ I smiled, half amused at the number of ‘reallys’ that she used. Somehow, I wasn’t sure if I could keep to my promise, but it was worthwhile trying to make a rather cute friend out of Elina anyway.

Elina stood up. I could see that her fitting skirt was slightly stretched around her front and her bum. Her rounder stomach made her fill her blazer a bit better; the lapel at the front was more pronounced and gave her a sharper look. Guess she is rather full from the meal too. That was quite a lot of food.

We stepped out of the cafeteria and made our way past the lounges and gym to get to the elevator. Lenna was still drinking from her soda; I could hear it was finishing though from the sucking noises she was making. She seemed to like the pulp that was at the bottom of the cup.

‘Lenna have you ever eaten any of the fruits before?’ I asked out of curiosity as we stepped into the elevator.

Lenna looked at me with curious eyes. ‘No…not the whole fruit. Why do you ask?’ She paused for a moment as her face filled with sudden revelation. ‘I understand. Yes, maybe I should try one day. That might be nice. I get bored of drinking all the time? So I like something to chew on.’

I wondered how it felt like to be constantly drinking and only drinking fluids for sustenance. Does she feel texture on her tongue? And besides, if she did eat the pulp for pleasure, how did her body get rid of the residue?

The elevator chimed as we reached the 7th floor. ‘We’re here!’ Elina chirped. Her tone had a dulled edge. Perhaps she’s just tired of chirping. Today must be a rather draining day for her.

We walked across the complex towards the office that she had brought me to earlier. I was observing all the offices and meeting rooms we walked past; they were bustling with activity. People were having meetings, working on their holo-terminals, listening to presentations; the list of familiar corporate activity was endless. I realized I was observing the single reason why Xixor still remained as one of the last bastions of human corporate employment in the area.

Our pace slowed as we neared my office door; Elina stopped, stood by the side and let me past to open the door. I placed my right hand on the handle and was about to dig in my blazer pocket with my left for what I thought was the door key I had retrieved from the room earlier when, much to my surprise, the handle slid aside under my light grip automatically and opened. Elina saw the startled expression on my face and grinned.

‘Well, the door handles reads your palm print I think. It senses your hand when it’s near and…checks it I guess? There’s this system in my office that I can assign rooms with…I assigned this room to you earlier when I was coding your pass. It’s kinda cool.’

I pushed the door open and entered my office. The beautiful, lush treetops in the courtyard greeted me. Elina went on chirping. ‘Lenna’s room is just opposite yours, you can just walk over and have a look. She has access and maybe you can spend some time with her there? Just remember to get her downstairs in about an hour for the operation.’ She suddenly paused. I couldn’t help but notice that she was squeezing her thighs together. ‘Umm. I’ll go off now? Thank you for bearing with my clumsiness today…and great knowing you a little better! You can give me a call if there’s anything you need, okay? You can always call me for lunch or dinner too! And I promise I’ll bring my puppy when it’s a bit older.’

I smiled at Elina. She was really a nice girl who was dedicated to her responsibility of hospitality and had devoted a large portion of her day to bring me around. And besides, it seemed like lunch was making its way to her bladder. Perhaps I should let her go. ‘Thanks for bringing me around today Elina. I guess we will meet again soon! I’ll definitely call you if anything comes up.’

‘Okie! Seeya!’ Elina hugged her bottle of water that she was still carrying, spun around and started walking briskly down the corridor. She went some way before she turned back and waved. We waved back. I wondered if she really had to use the bathroom. For that matter, I wondered how long she’d hold it for before choosing to go. The mewing noises she was making replayed in my mind. I really have to find out one day what those noises are.

