Unfinished story

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-01-15 03:09

Joy's bladder throbbed as she waited for the shower to warm up. She bounced on the balls of her feet at the sound of the pattering water. Despite there being a useable toilet right next to her, she'd rather save the water and just go in the shower. She ran her hand under the water and felt that it was still ice cold. She shivered, not because of the temperature, but because of the urine beginning to push it's way out of her.

She figured she might as well make her waiting time useful. Fidgeting a little bit, Joy stripped naked, starting with her pants to relieve pressure. Once she was in the nude, she felt the water again, which was still cold. "This shower takes too long..." she complained to herself. She walked out of the bathroom to check the time (which she could do, since she was home alone.) Joy was a bit surprised at how late it got. She'd been watching television for a while before turning on the shower and hadn't kept track of it. She was supposed to leave in under thirty minutes to a party at her friend Katie's house. Her and a few other girls were going to sleep over there and, since they decided to be quirky, all wear onesies.

The pressure increased, causing Joy to bend a little at the knees. She gave herself a couple of small love taps and made her way back to the shower, which had warmed up considerably in her absence. Relieved, she stepped inside and released the large amount of urine that had been residing inside of her. It leaked out of her in a strong stream, joining the shower water beneath her feet.

Her boyfriend was taking her to Katie's, and she got out of the shower as soon as he was pulling in the driveway. As she dried herself, she glanced over at the giraffe onesie next to the bra and underwear she'd decided to wear and wondered, since her boyfriend was picking her up as well, if she should just skip the undergarments. He beeped impatiently outside, and she giggled. She donned the onesie over her naked body, neglecting her bra and underwear. She noticed her nipples slightly visible through the fabric, but it didn't matter too much.

When Joy stepped outside, she noted the heat the onesie was going to make her endure. She hoped most of the time would be spent inside. She got in the car, and noticed her boyfriend was still wearing his cute little Wal-Mart uniform. His nametag read 'Eric.'

"Fuck, I need to piss," he said, grabbing his crotch as he backed out of the driveway.

"Why don't you go somewhere?"

"The plumbing at work is broken or some shit, all the bathrooms are off limits."

"You could go at my house," Joy offered, but they had already begun driving.

"I'm just here on lunch break, I don't want to be late." Eric winced and leaned forward a little.

The ride was visibly uncomfortable for him. All the pent up urine inside of him needed to be released, but he pushed through it. Joy thought it'd be funny if she teased him a little bit, sloshing around a huge bottle of soda that was lying on the floor. She chugged a lot of it, but he didn't seem to care, so she just put it back. When they arrived at Katie's house, he hurried Joy out of the car. On her way to the door, she unbuttoned the flap in the back of her onesie and wiggled her butt at Eric, not as an invitation, but more of a tease. He drove away as she covered back up.

She rang the doorbell and was almost immediately greeted by Katie and one other girl, Abby.

"Mackenzie isn't here yet?" Joy inquired, setting her small back of things down on the table.

"No, but she should be here soon," Abby replied. She had a pig onesie, which was intended as a joke at her own weight (which was a little on the heavy side) but no one seemed to notice. Katie had an eeyore one with ears that hung down.

An hour later, the girls saw Mackenzie briskly shuffling down the sidewalk through the sidewalk. She had more baggage than anyone else. She had a brown bear onesie on, which was a drastic contrast to her pale skin. She knocked on the door, crossed her legs and twisted her body like a pretzel as she waited. The door soon opened, and she rushed inside. Katie hugged her, but Mackenzie didn't hug back.

"I have to piss so fucking bad," she said in a shaky voice, letting her bags drop to the ground at her feet. "I've been holding it for like ten fucking hours," and with that, she rushed to the bathroom. Urine pattering in the toilet was audible from outside of the bathroom, but nobody cared.

A couple of hours later, they found themselves playing a card game in Katie's room. It had been dark for a while. Joy began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder, but it was a very minuscule sensation and she decided to ignore it. The girls were having a conversation about their parents, usually venting about frustrations with them. This went on for a while, until the twinge in Joy's bladder grew to more of an ache. She was about to get up and use the restroom, but Katie had said something that piqued her interest.

"Oh! I have something fun," she said. She went to her closet and fished out an old Nintendo 64 and some games.

"Let's set it up!" Abby said excitedly. This took a while. They were trying to make heads or tails of the many wires from other game consoles, and what they could unplug or not, all the while Joy's need was slowly but steadily increasing. They decided to give up and play the Wii, which was already set up. Mario Kart came on the screen, and they played 4 player grand prix. During one game, Joy's need to urinate returned, but she beared through it until it faded. A couple games later, she felt the need to pass gas. She considered holding it, but they were having a good enough time. She leaned forward and let it out. Prrrrt. They laughed, but the push nearly made something else come out. Joy jiggled up and down as she played, saying "gottapeegottapeegottapee," and making the others laugh even harder. It didn't help her hold it very much, but it soon passed.

About an hour later, they became bored of that game. "I think my brother keeps the other wii games in his room," Katie said. She got up to look. "I'll come with you," Joy said, leaving Abby and Mackenzie by themselves. They went into her brother's room, which stunk of a mixture of incense and some strange unknown fragrance.

"Are you sure your brother doesn't care about us looking around his room?" Joy asked.

"He isn't home, and neither are my parents so nobody's gonna know."

They were poking around the room when Joy's need once again returned. She was about to excuse herself when Katie opened a box under the bed.

"Whoa," she said, smelling the inside.

"What?" Joy asked, her curiosity outweighing her desire for a toilet. Katie picked up a rather large bag of marijuana and showed it to Joy, who said the same thing. Katie laughed.

"Do you want to... you know..." she asked hesitantly.

"Smoke it?" Joy finished. Katie nodded. "I mean... If you want to."

"Sure, yeah, I mean why not." Katie put the bag back in the box and picked it up. Abby and Mackenzie wanted to stay behind at the house, so they played videogames while Joy and Katie went into the backyard to smoke. "Wait, I don't want there to be a smell around my house," Katie said, paranoid.

"Alright. Want to go to the playground?" Joy asked.

"Yeah." The playground was a long walk away, almost a half hour, but they didn't think too much of it at the time. They made their way across the long stretch of field that led up to the swings and sat down. Katie opened the box and packed a bowl. "I've seen my brother do this a bunch of times, but I don't know if I'm gonna do it right."

"Eric smokes, and he gets off in like five minutes. I could call him," Joy offered.

"Yeah, do that." Joy called her boyfriend, who said he was just about to pass that neighborhood and he'd head over right away. He arrived in only a few minutes.

He hopped out of his car, and seemed pained as he walked across the field. One hand was over his abdomen, like he'd just been punched in the stomach. "I'm gonna get a drink of water real quick," Katie said, and headed over to the pool area.

Eric got to the swings and winced. "Are you alright?" Joy asked. Eric's face was contorted in agony, and one hand quickly moved to his groin when he saw Katie leave.

"Wait... wait one second..." he said. He turned around right there, unzipped his fly, and relieved himself in the field right there. His stream was impressively powerful, and went on for a long time. He let out a sigh. The sight reminded Joy of her own bladder, which had filled up considerably, and with the sight of Eric's relief, was causing her to squeeze herself and squirm in the swing.

Eric zipped up his pants and turned around. "Holy fuck," he muttered, laughing.

"Mmm..." Joy whined, and Eric went over to the swings and kissed her. She did her best to hide her desperation. Her legs were locked together, and her body was tense, but other than that she looked completely normal. The hard aches in her abdomen slowly subsided, and she felt fine again.

When Katie returned, they took the weed out of the box. Eric taught them to pack it into the bowl and how to take a hit. They both coughed vociferously and laughed as they got the hang of it. Though they were told they wouldn't get high their first time, they certainly felt it. Joy got the bowl and was about to take a hit when a sudden wave of desperation washed over her. The urine that was being held inside of her was pleading to be released. She crossed her legs and moaned in discomfort, swaying from side to side.

"What?" Katie asked.

"I need to pee!" she was tapping her feet so fast it was jiggling her whole body. Katie laughed, and so did Eric. "Just go," he told her.

"There's no bathroom here," she took a hit, and right after the bowl was given to someone else, she put her hands into her crotch.

"Just go outside, that's what I do," Katie suggested, giggling.

"I'm wearing a onesie, I'd practically be getting naked out here." She withheld the information that she would literally be stripping naked to pee.

"Hold it then, I guess. Do you want to go back to the house? My brother's gonna be home in a while and I don't want to get home too late." Joy nodded. When they got up, her need to pee intensified for a second, causing her to dance in place, then it gradually subsided, leaving a dull aching pain inside of her. It seemed the soda before had fully caught up to her.

Joy's head was in the sky. She found everything Eric and Katie were saying to be hilarious. It was a little silent for a while, before they passed a discarded spoon on the ground. Katie pointed and randomly exclaimed "spoon!" (something they wouldn't find funny if they were sober), and they busted out laughing. Katie snorted, causing Joy to laugh so hard she fell on her behind. Her dull, aching bladder quickly intensified from this and forced her to shove both her hands into her crotch.

She continued laughing as her need increased, pulsing and yearning for relief. She writhed in desperation, but she couldn't stop laughing. The liquid inside her felt like it was gaining weight by the second. Joy had a momentary loss of control, letting a four-second long stream leak into her onesie. The fabric absorbed very little, making her thighs wet and sticky with urine. She locked her legs together and held on hard until the pressure subsided, and then, still giggling, rose to her feet. She didn't mention this, she only kept walking.

For the rest of the walk home, it felt like there was a bowling ball inside of her. Joy's thighs were wet from the urine that had escaped her urethra, and she hoped it wasn't visible. She couldn't tell in the dark. She picked up the pace when the house came into sight. They were nearly there, just outside the house, when Katie said "oh shit," causing her to stop. "We forgot the box at the park!" Eric sighed.

"We've got to go back," Katie told them, "or I've got to. You guys can stay here if you want."

"No, I don't want you going all the way over there by yourself. I'll come, I just need to pee first." Joy rushed into the house, her need increasing with every step. She got to the bathroom, where she met a terrible sight. The door was locked.

She knocked on the door. "Someone's in here!" she heard Abby call. Joy groaned and danced in place, both hands buried in her crotch. She direly needed a toilet. The pent-up urine she'd been retaining for too long was begging to be released. She was nearing her limit, and she could feel it. The last time she peed herself was in seventh grade. Almost making it to the toilet, she wet herself right as she was about to go into the stall. The feeling was similar to this.

Abby left the bathroom and Joy sprinted in, slamming and locking the door behind her. She jumped and marched as she tried to get the back flap opened on the onesie, but her movement was too much. She twisted up like a pretzel to try to stay still. She trembled terribly under the enormous weight of her overfilled bladder, but she managed to get it open. Feeling the familiar cool draft on her butt, she rushed to sit down on the toilet. She leaked, but realized that the flap wasn't nearly big enough to pee through. It seemed it was mostly just for show. She pulled the front forward, but it still wasn't enough. She was going to have to undress completely.

This proved to be the most difficult part. Sitting on the toilet, she was ready to explode. She was so close to relief, yet so far. Plus, she needed one of her hands to unzip the back. Her legs trembled as she pulled on the zipper. She squeezed herself with her left hand while she pulled with the right, but something wasn't right. The zipper wasn't budging. She gave it a hard yank, but it still wouldn't come. The zipper was stuck.

She groaned in pain as she felt her bladder contract and dropped down to a squat to help hold it in. Though this was torture for her bladder, it put pressure on her crotch, which was her primary concern.

*004*2018-02-12 21:22

Unfinished Story 2

Maybe I keep getting dumped because I push my sexual interests, even when my partner doesn't want it. It always ends in embarrassment and shame, but in the moment I just seem to forget about it. I remember the first time I did this. It was my first girlfriend, once I began to explore my bisexuality. Her name was Liz...

February 10th

Had a sleepover with Liz. Didn't do anything sexual unfortunately, but I had a good time. I woke up before her, around 9 am, and had my morning pee. It was a decent one, since I hadn't gone the night before. It got me thinking about how she probably didn't go last night either. I mean, we were together the entire time. My mischievous self started thinking about her doing a pee dance, grabbing at herself, twisting her legs together... I wondered how she would look. I'd never seen her desperate before.

I locked the bathroom door from the inside and closed it. To make sure, I turned the handle. Locked. Perfect. I'd done this to myself by accident once, and I knew I could open it right back up. It was one of those doorknobs with the slit down the middle so you could open it with a knife. She didn't need to know that, though.

I crawled back into bed and fell back asleep. I was later woken up by a light knocking. I opened my eyes to see Liz trying to open the bathroom door. She was rubbing her half-closed eyes, so I knew she had just woken up and had wasted no time in finding relief. She noticed that I was awake.

"Is the bathroom locked on purpose, Em?" she asked. I feigned confusion, trying my hardest to look sincere. I crawled out of bed and tried the knob.

"I might have locked it by accident..." I said.

"Oh, I got it." She turned the lock with her fingernail and entered, closing the door behind her.

That was uneventful.

I did hear her urinating, though. It was a strong stream, a bit longer than mine was. Better than nothing, I suppose.

That was the first of my Omorashi-based activities with my partners. Other than listening in on her in the bathroom the next was also with Liz, a couple months later, when we were roommates.

May 13th

"Emily?" Liz called from the other room.

"Yeah?" I answered.

"Could you come here real quick?" I did what I was asked. I wasn't too surprised to see what I saw: pamphlets on how to lose weight. Liz has low self esteem, and seems to think she's 'fat.' Of course she isn't, she's actually really attractive, but she's a little on the heavier side and she takes way too much notice of it.

"I think I need you to help me with a routine, since you used to work at that gym, remember?"

"I'd be happy to, Liz."

"If you're not busy right now... I mean, I'm not busy..."

Shit. Truth be told, my bladder was pounding. My fetish was a complete secret to Liz, and I wanted it to stay that way. I also wanted to enjoy my hold, but I could see that wasn't happening.

"I want to start with exercises," she said.

"Sure."

"Great! I'm gonna change out of my work clothes." She left the room. I decided to make her a protein shake, since that was my drink of choice whenever I worked out. I mixed the liquids, which reminded me all too much of my urgent need. Pulse... pulse... pulse... I wasn't sure how long this was going to take. If it was just five minutes I'd like to go back to my hold, so I wasn't about to just waste a bladder full of pee. I really needed to, though. Really bad.

*006*2018-02-15 04:18

Maybe I keep getting dumped because I push my sexual interests, even when my partner doesn't want it. It always ends in embarrassment and shame, but in the moment I just seem to forget about it. I remember the first time I did this. It was my first girlfriend, once I began to explore my bisexuality. Her name was Liz...

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/c59sl9m3D6Q?feature=oembed" February 10th

Had a sleepover with Liz. Didn't do anything sexual unfortunately, but I had a good time. I woke up before her, around 9 am, and had my morning pee. It was a decent one, since I hadn't gone the night before. It got me thinking about how she probably didn't go last night either. I mean, we were together the entire time. My mischievous self started thinking about her doing a pee dance, grabbing at herself, twisting her legs together... I wondered how she would look. I'd never seen her desperate before.

I locked the bathroom door from the inside and closed it. To make sure, I turned the handle. Locked. Perfect. I'd done this to myself by accident once, and I knew I could open it right back up. It was one of those doorknobs with the slit down the middle so you could open it with a knife. She didn't need to know that, though.

I crawled back into bed and fell back asleep. I was later woken up by a light knocking. I opened my eyes to see Liz trying to open the bathroom door. She was rubbing her half-closed eyes, so I knew she had just woken up and had wasted no time in finding relief. She noticed that I was awake.

"Is the bathroom locked on purpose, Em?" she asked. I feigned confusion, trying my hardest to look sincere. I crawled out of bed and tried the knob.

"I might have locked it by accident..." I said.

"Oh, I got it." She turned the lock with her fingernail and entered, closing the door behind her.

That was uneventful.

I did hear her urinating, though. It was a strong stream, a bit longer than mine was. Better than nothing, I suppose.

That was the first of my Omorashi-based activities with my partners. Other than listening in on her in the bathroom the next was also with Liz, a couple months later, when we were roommates.

May 13th

"Emily?" Liz called from the other room.

"Yeah?" I answered.

"Could you come here real quick?" I did what I was asked. I wasn't too surprised to see what I saw: pamphlets on how to lose weight. Liz has low self esteem, and seems to think she's 'fat.' Of course she isn't, she's actually really attractive, but she's a little on the heavier side and she takes way too much notice of it.

"I think I need you to help me with a routine, since you used to work at that gym, remember?"

"I'd be happy to, Liz."

"If you're not busy right now... I mean, I'm not busy..."

Shit. Truth be told, my bladder was pounding. My fetish was a complete secret to Liz, and I wanted it to stay that way. I also wanted to enjoy my hold, but I could see that wasn't happening.

"I want to start with exercises," she said.

"Sure."

"Great! I'm gonna change out of my work clothes." She left the room. I decided to make her a protein shake, since that was my drink of choice whenever I worked out. I mixed the liquids, which reminded me all too much of my urgent need. Pulse... pulse... pulse... I wasn't sure how long this was going to take. If it was just five minutes I'd like to go back to my hold, so I wasn't about to just waste a bladder full of pee. I really needed to, though. Really bad. I figured I probably should use the toilet. I never particularly liked mixing my sexual interests with anything else. I went into the bathroom, where I remembered something. Something that gave me a rather greedy idea. I opened the medicine cabinet, took out a package of laxatives, and made my way back to the kitchen. I never went pee, by the way. My bladder was still very full.

I emptied the package out into the shake mixture. It was a small pack, but it would do the job just fine. I mixed it well and disposed of the paper. It was supposed to take effect in a little under three hours, but I wasn't sure how exercise would effect that.

Liz came out in black leggings and a tank top with her blond hair tied back, and before I knew it we were jogging down the road. Piss was sloshing around inside of me as I ran, but there was no danger of a wetting. I just needed to go really bad. I wondered if Liz was feeling any effects of the lax yet. Probably not, since she only drank it about a half hour ago, but she gulped it down quick. Pee would probably become an issue for her as well. I had never heard her allude anything about a need to pee or poop in all the months we were dating, so it may be difficult to see some desperation. That was, unfortunately, my main interest. I wasn't going to make the poor girl shit herself.

A little while passed and we stopped for a break. Although I knew it was bad to sit down for a break during a run, I needed to give my poor bladder a break. I really needed to go to the toilet, but I knew my limit. I was safe for the moment, but this exercise was killing me.

"My stomach kind of hurts, is that normal?" Liz asked. My ears perked up.

"It's probably the protein shake," I said. Technically, I wasn't lying, was I? "You drank it pretty fast."

"Yeah..." She had her hand on her belly. We ran for a little while longer, then I decided we could stop at the gym since it was so close.

*009*2018-02-23 02:43

{{On 2/20/2018 at 6:22 AM, Jimmy Olsen said:

I read the story about Joy and the onesie party. It's very cute and very nicely described. I could really picture what was going on and I loved those mental images. I got very interested in the plot when you got to Joy's predicament when she returned to Katie's house. I was unpleasantly surprised when your next post was a totally different story!

Not to insult the 2nd story but I really want to know what happens next in the 1st story. It's well written and I hope you'll continue it.

My only negative comment is that it's a little convenient that so many characters end up desperate to pee during the course of the chapter. Eric's situation is especially hard to believe.

}}

Thanks! The full story (Stuck in a Onesie!) has been posted in Fiction and Fanfiction.

