The Obligatory Elevator Scene

Author: Qwert777

*000*2017-03-24 04:10

This just in: Extremely long-term lurker finally reveals that they're neither a bot nor dead, just a really huge chicken. Hi everyone, nice to finally meet you or something.

A/N:

- First and only even remotely sexual thing I've ever written - I usually don't even write romantic relationships. Be nice, I'm asexual and have no bloody idea what I'm doing.

- Both Charlie and Julius are snatched from a personal writing project, because if there have ever been two characters I'd love to write totally self-indulgent kinky filth with (read as: borderline fluff because I'm me), it's those two.

- I kept Charlie gender neutral, because that's so deliciously easy with first person narrators. Does that float your boat or not, folks? If not, what gender would you rather see Charlie as?

- If you want to read more about those two, you can definitely throw some scenarios and ideas my way and I'll see what I can do. AU's / completely different settings are absolutely fine, too, I just happened to write this between two games of Ace Attorney.

- It starts off a bit slow, and it's really more about desperation than wetting, because that's how I prefer my stories.

###

I was slowly getting used to working late, but this particular Friday really had been the worst of the worst: When I finally left my desk, it was already getting dark. I grabbed my stuff as fast as I could and fled the almost empty office. Stepping out into the corridor, I heaved a sigh and waited for the elevator. Naturally, it took even longer to arrive than usual. When it finally did, with an off-key "ding!" and a sad squeak, I carefully stepped into the rickety old cabin. I was just about to press the button for the ground floor when the door to the office opened and out came one of my co-workers, Julius - one of our very best attorneys, despite his youth.

"Charlie, wait," he called and I managed to keep the elevator doors open until he'd managed to drag his pretty butt over to the thing. Actually, I quite liked Julius - enough to risk losing my foot to rogue elevator doors just for half a minute alone with him. He was interesting - a bit odd, but undoubtedly interesting - and so damnably pretty. Curly, light brown hair, clever brown eyes, a well-proportioned, even face, and those cheekbones... He was the kind of pretty that wasn't quite androgynous, but easily could be, if he wanted to.

"Hi, Charlie," he belatedly greeted me with a lopsided quirk of his elegant lips.

"Fancy seeing you here, J," I grinned back, "don't you usually take the stairs?"

He nodded, brown curls bobbing, his always too long, wild hair contrasting with his clearly very expensive suit in a most interesting manner.

"Tends to be quicker," he said, "but the cabin was already there, and besides, I'm completely knackered and I don't really feel like five flights of stairs, so I though I might as we-"

And then, the elevator suddenly stopped. Not slowly, gently, like elevators are supposed to, but with a nasty jolt. I heard Julius gasp and looked over just in time to catch the last vestiges of sheer bloody panic, before he closed his eyes and forced himself to take a deep breath. Then he looked at me with his big brown eyes and those way too many lashes.

"This is not happening," he stated, very matter-of-factly, as if that would somehow make it true, "this is so not happening."

"That was just a matter of time, I guess," I said and shrugged, then paused and looked at him. "Will you be okay?" I asked.

I might have imagined it, but I was pretty sure he blushed, ever so slightly. Huh.

"W- what do you mean?"

"You seem pretty... shaken."

"Ah," he buried his face in his hand for a second and ruffled his hair. "Yes. For a second there I was convinced we'd crash and die gruesomely in this fucking deathtrap of an elevator. I did not expect this - but I'm fine. D'you think the emergency call button still works?"

"Well," I said grimly and stepped up to the button, "it damn well should, because it's seven o' clock on a Friday, every sane person went home hours ago and we might actually be the last people in here."

But after a few more seconds, a staticky, garbled, tinny voice suddenly sounded through the speakers.

"Somebody pressed the emergency call button," it said and I recognized it as belonging to the janitor, "what's your situation?"

"Hi Scott, Charlie here. The elevator's stuck. The light's still on and everything seems pretty much fine, but we're not moving."

"Is there anybody in the elevator with you?"

"Yeah, one of the other attorneys."

"Gotcha. I'll get you out of there - just stay calm."

"Will do - thanks, Scott!"

And with that, the crackling speaker fell silent. For a short while, all that could be heard was Julius' steady pacing, before he finally leaned against the wall and looked at he. He tried to smile, but it seemed oddly strained.

"I actually took the elevator today because I wanted to get downstairs faster," he said and subtly shifted his weight, "but alas..." he trailed off.

"... the world's got a funny way of screwing with our plans, sometimes," I finished the sentence. He nodded. "Technically," I added, "this is all my fault, anyway. If I hadn't held up the elevator for you..."

He looked at me with the most adorably horrified look on his face.

"Oh, no! I didn't mean to imply- I mean, that was very nice of you and I didn't expect- and anyway, there's nobody I'd rather be stuck in an elevator with-" and then his brain finally caught up with his mouth, and he blushed. A lot, this time. "And now I'm going to stand in that corner over there, shut up, and reconsider some life choices. Excuse me."

And with that, he stood in the newly-designated corner of shame and put his head against the wall with a light thud.

I stared at him, more than a little bewildered. I knew Julius fairly well by then, and while he was definitely occasionally flighty, scatterbrained and prone to self-deprecation, I'd never seen him quite this out of sorts.

"Julius," I asked, "are you sure you're okay?"

He nodded, then started pacing again.

"Yes," he said, "just under-fed, over-caffeinated and sleep-deprived. Business as usual."

I shook my head and sighed.

"I think half a can less coffee wouldn't have hurt - you're basically vibrating." And then, my brain caught up with me. Fidgety. Unfocused. Over-caffeinated. Stuck in an elevator trying to get downstairs fast.

Oh god. The man had to pee.

"Without the coffee to distract me, I'd probably have wrung somebody's neck by now - not a fun case I'm working on," he said, but it barely registered. "Charlie," he asked, "why are you staring at me like that?"

"Most interesting thing in the elevator," I shrugged - and I meant it. Now that I knew what to look for, I noticed all of his little tells - his hands were alternately suggestively caressing the edges of his pants-pockets and shakily ghosting all over the place trying to stay away from his crotch. He was very subtly but continuously shifting his weight, and his expression seemed ever-so-slightly strained.

On one hand, I felt awfully sorry for the poor sod, but on the other... well, saying that I wasn't just the tiniest bit aroused would have been a lie. And that was probably the understatement of the century. Still, I elected to keep quiet for now - mostly because I hoped Scott would get us out of here soon and we could forget the entire thing... or at least Julius could. I knew I wouldn't.

A few minutes passed by, and nothing happened, save for Julius' now slightly less than subtle squirming. I finally looked around, deemed the elevator floor clean enough - the entire building was in dire need of renovation, but at least Scott kept it absolutely spotless - and sat down, legs crossed. I looked up at Julius, who looked back for half a minute, probably trying to work out if sitting down would make his urge to piss better or worse, before shrugging and sitting down next to me, instantly leaning back against the wall and subtly crossing his stupidly long legs. He looked seriously worried now, and I felt like I finally had to say something. I didn't quite want to directly ask him, it seemed kinder to let him get to the point by himself. Luckily, there was something very much related that I'd been wondering about anyway.

"Say, Julius," I asked, "is there anything wrong with the office bathroom?"

He froze and stared at me, blushing like mad, knowing perfectly well that the jig was up.

He buried his face in his hands. "That obvious, huh?" I heard him mumble.

"Yeah, kind of. How bad is it?"

"I'm not going to flood the elevator, don't worry," he said, letting his head loll back against the wall and closing his eyes, before adding, "and the office toilet is clogged, by the way. Scott knows, but he didn't get around to fixing it yet. A wonder you didn't notice."

I shrugged. "I was out and about for most of the day, gathering information."

Julius shifted again, clearly uncomfortable.

"You sure about not flooding the elevator?" I added.

He shrugged. "If we get out of here in ten minutes or so, yes. After that, well... I genuinely don't know, to be honest. Can't remember the last time I had to take a piss this badly."

Yep, I'd definitely never forget this. "Well, whatever happens," I said, "I won't tell a soul. What happens in this elevator stays in this elevator, I swear. Nobody will ever know."

"You would know," he replied, "and worse, I would. And I'd have to get that suit cleaned, so they'd probably know, too. Still, thanks, Charlie. I appreciate it."

The next ten minutes passed in near-silence - I tried to strike up a conversation more than once, but Julius was uncharacteristically monosyllabic, and between trying to not look obviously aroused or be caught staring and at the same time trying to soak up and commit to memory as much of this scene as possible, I didn't have the mental faculties to keep a conversation going, anyway.

Then, he suddenly gasped and grabbed himself through his trousers.

"You okay?" I asked.

"I- oh god, I might have leaked. Fuck, I don't even know anymore."

I looked as closely as I could without him noticing, but I couldn't see a thing. If he had leaked, it couldn't have been too bad.

"Try loosening your belt," I suggested. "Might help."

He stared at me as if I'd suddenly grown wings and a halo.

"How- how did I not think of that," he groaned.

I bit down on a genius quip about drowning brain cells and instead stared at Julius, who fought with his belt buckle, hands shaking terribly. He finally got the damned thing open, and instantly jammed his hands back against his crotch. He was jiggling his legs now, every last bit of restraint gone. He was also pale, and visibly close to tearing up. There was definitely a small wet spot on the front of his trousers now, barely bigger than a coin and almost impossible to spot on the black fabric.

"I'll be fine," I heard him whisper under his breath, "I'll be fine, I'll be fine." Over and over.

"You will be fine," I agreed, "calm down before you start hyperventilating."

He looked at me, a wild, slightly lost look in his beautiful brown eyes.

"I never had to pee so bad in my life," he whispered, very earnestly, "I actually already leaked a little when the elevator stopped so suddenly."

Oh. Okay. Wow.

"Er...," I said, wracking my brain for some sort of appropriate answer, just as the emergency call system crackled back to life so abruptly that Julius flinched so badly he hit his head on the elevator wall. The wet spot on his pants grew a few millimeters, and I tried my hardest to ignore him clutching at his cock while silently cursing and whimpering, in order to focus on whatever it was Scott was saying.

"Charlie," the janitor asked, "can you hear me?"

"Yep, I'm here. Can you hurry up a bit?"

"Almost done. You'll be out of there in less than five minutes, promise."

"Good." I glanced over at Julius, and cleared my throat. "Hey, Scott," I added, "we're both in a bit of a hurry, so we'll likely be gone until you've made your way back to here. Don't worry, okay? We're fine. Scout's honor."

There was a short silence, which he likely spent thinking of the broken toilet, putting one and one together and calculating the amount of mops and buckets he'd need.

"Sure thing, I guess," he finally sighed, "see you on Monday."

And with that, there was silence once again.

Well, near-silence, save for the quiet sounds of Julius' constant fidgeting and the occasional, barely-audible whimper.

Over the next few minutes, the spot grew enough to peek out from underneath his hands while he was holding himself, but he still wouldn't give in.

And then, suddenly, the elevator creaked. Moved. Slowly, at first, then at its usual speed - which is to say, very slightly less slowly.

"Can you stand up?" I asked. Julius stared at me as if I'd asked him to climb Mt. Everest in his skivvies. At this point, he'd have probably preferred that over his current predicament, but there really was no way around it.

The elevator gave its trademark squeak and off-key "ding", and then the doors opened into a completely deserted lobby. Good.

I looked at Julius, who was still staring at me, and then simply grabbed him and dragged him to his feet, which caused him to leak again - at this point the wet spot was hard to miss - but just sitting there wasn't getting him any closer to sweet release, either. Not in a way he'd appreciate, anyway.

Even standing up he wasn't doing much more than standing there holding himself, so I put an arm around his shoulders and started shoving him towards the men's room, which was quite a task - the man was all bony, spindly limbs, which he usually handled quite gracefully (stupidly gracefully, really), but right now he was flailing all over the place, trying his damnedest not to piss himself completely.

We got there eventually, he barged through the door, while I waited outside to give the poor man some privacy, and order my own thoughts. Julius usually seemed totally in control of any given situation in his usual subtle, slightly chaotic but charismatic way, even when everything around him was going to hell at break-neck speed, and seeing him lose his composure like that had been... intriguing, to say the least, even though I felt rather sorry for him. In a way. Honestly.

It took Julius almost five minutes to reappear, and I'd been half a minute away from checking on him to make sure he hadn't decided to hide out in the men's room for the rest of his life - the spot on his pants had grown some more, but not egregiously so - it was mostly just on one leg and barely reached down to mid-thigh, which I'd definitely count as a success.

Now that Julius' brain didn't seem to be drowning in piss anymore, he seemed a great deal more relaxed, as well. Not necessarily more happy - in fact, he looked pretty much as anxious as he had before - but the tension was gone.

"You really won't tell anybody about this?" he quietly asked, as we reached my car, where we parted ways.

"Not a soul, I promise."

"Good," he said, "Thank you, Charlie."

And with an almost conspiratory little grin, he vanished into the cold evening air.

###

Ye gods, I can't believe I did that.

How'd I do? Like I said, I never wrote anything like that, so I'd appreciate some input. Was there enough detail? Should I have drawn some parts out longer?

