Lab 28 - Page 2

Author: quiez

*027*2017-04-03 12:32

Thanks! Glad you folks like it. Feel free to suggest more nerdy ideas to feed my inspiration!

*028*2017-04-03 12:39

11. Teacher

Her statement really didn’t make much sense. I guess she meant that she had to pee and that the hiss was making it worse? ‘You mean that you feel like you need to pee and that Elina’s peeing hiss is making it worse?’

‘Yes. Sorry. I don’t know how to put it. I struggle to construct expressions I was not trained on.’ Lenna blushed. Wow. She can blush.

‘It’s ok. Really. You really don’t need to apologise to anyone yeah? You can do the same that Elina is doing, it’s ok. Just let it come out. Don’t worry about it. It’ll be fine and we’ll sort it out later together.’ I tried to be as reassuring as I could.

Elina tried adding her touch to my encouraging words as her hiss died down: ‘Well, Lenna, maybe it’s a good time to try what I’ve been trying to teach you?’ Teach? Wait, didn't she just change the meaning of my words? This was definitely not what I was intending to say or refer to!

‘Trying to teach??’ I blurted out. Wasn’t she supposed to be accompanying Lenna and being her friend and companion? Not a teacher?

‘Well, you see, Lenna cannot figure out how to control her pee holding muscles. She’s been trying over and over again. You can do it Lenna!’ Elina was in her cheerleader mode again.

‘I keep trying to do what you describe. But I only observe marginal improvement. Maybe more seconds before everything comes out. It’s depressing.’ Lenna stated with a rather forlorn voice.

‘Don’t worry, keep trying!’, Elina said.

The dots were connecting in my mind. Can’t be so simple, can it. They hire someone with a small bladder to teach a robot with a bladder control problem how to handle herself and prevent social embarrassment. No, it can’t be so simple. It is quite clear even now that Lenna has other personality issues that I was hired to deal with based on my experience with AI psychology. Like a lack of self-confidence, the results of minimal exposure to real world social interaction and obvious artefacts of social fast-time training on research datasets that result in inconsistent social capability. Maybe it’s all a coincidence. Or maybe my small bladder is just a bonus. Perhaps I just happened to be the perfect fit. Wait, but how on earth did they know? My goodness.

‘I..I..I’ll try. It is coming…’Lenna let out a moan; I observed her side profile as her body tensed up. Her hips wiggled and her back arched. She’s darn close to a human alright. ‘It’s holding..’

Suddenly, a gushing noise filled the air as she wiggled. ‘I..I cannot..’ She tried tensing up one last time but gave up and relaxed as the gushing noise grew even louder. She was shuddering as she emptied. Does she have mini-orgasms too? I counted the number of seconds she went for again. 7 on the dot, like when she was on the platform. Looks like whatever bladder sensor she has is still fundamentally a precision machine. I should read the documents later to see how they emulated that.

‘Lenna, it’s OK. I wet myself just a few moments before you did.’, I whispered softly.

Lenna looked at me with her blue eyes and whispered in reply: ‘Yes, I saw you. There is a strange feeling I have after watching you. I need to talk to you.’

Talk to me? Oh no. I hope I don’t have to answer too many embarrassing questions. But then again, she’s such a pretty thing I don’t mind spending time with, just like Elina. Uh. What did I just think? Ok, I’m weirded out right now. She’s a robot. But then again, she’s so human.

Elina broke our conversation. She had obviously been eavesdropping. ‘Don’t worry Lenna, you can talk lots to Aisha! Just don’t make me jealous ok?’

‘We can all talk together.’ I replied. ‘Elina, I have a few questions to ask you as well actually. If you don’t mind.’ I tried to emulate Elina’s chirpy voice but it came out rather hash sounding.

‘Well...as long as they aren’t too difficult questions…I’m not as smart as you okay?’ Elina was clearly a little terrified.

‘Don’t worry…just a few questions to satisfy my curiosity…’ I trailed off as a jeep sped into view and pulled up in front of us. A burly, well-built guy stepped out. He was wearing a blue navy uniform with khaki long pants. A tag was sewn onto his uniform that read ‘Jack’. He looked at Elina.

*030*2017-04-04 13:21

12. Gentleman

‘You again! How many times do we have to tell you to wear a pass?’

Elina protested: ’But it was only twice before!’ This was Elina’s third time?

‘Once is enough for most people to remember! And now you’ve managed to catch two unfortunate, innocent souls with you.’

He glanced at our legs; I could feel his eyes touching my thighs and my panties. His voice suddenly softened.

‘Don’t do it again, saves everyone a lot of trouble. Are you a new staff member?’ He said, addressing me.

‘Yes.’ I replied.

‘Your pass is not coded properly; I’ll code it for you after I get the adherent agent off you guys. Pity getting caught in such a mess on the first day.’

Adherent agent. I see; that’s the official name for Elina’s goo.

Elina piped up. ‘Actually, you don’t really need to code her pass, it’s a temporary pass I borrowed from HQ. It probably doesn’t have a name attached or something, right?’

‘I see. You are right. Ok then. I’ll let you pass this time.’

He took a device out from his jeep; it looked like a giant torch. He powered it up and it emitted a bright orange light from one end. He rapidly brought it to my hands; the heat from the intensity of the light was immediately obvious. I could feel the substance softening and releasing its binding hold. I pulled my hands free and massaged my wrists. They were surprisingly clean. I examined them and noticed a streak of goo that had been caught in-between my nails. I picked it out and felt it; it was brittle now and felt more like sand. I looked to my right; he did the same for Lenna and then Elina.

‘I trust you guys won’t get me in for sexual assault. It’s protocol for me to release your hands first so you can sit up and observe me release your..other parts.’

Elina grinned. ‘So, you did look at our legs and panties. Pretty aren’t they.’

He shrugged: “Not sayin' anythin’ “

He motioned us to sit up and proceeded to release Elina’s right foot first. I observed the way in which the binding substance was released; to me, this was as fascinating as everything else I had seen today. At first, the amber coloured, transparent blob covering and binding Elina’s foot looked like it was going to gum everything up even more as it appeared to melt and sink further towards the ground. It spread out as it did so. I was surprised at what happened next; the torch started emitting pulses of a bright ultra-purplish light on top of the base orange colour that stopped the spread and turned the substance opaque. It looked very much like a cloudy bit of hardened, yellowish resin.

‘Ok, we’re done for this foot.’ Elina wriggled her foot; the now opaque binding broke as she pulled her foot away. I turned around and saw the same had happened to the blobs holding our hands; I leant back, picked some up and crushed it in my hands. It was like brittle sandstone and had almost the same texture. This goo stuff is fascinating. It is goo when it’s applied, and looks exactly like that. But it doesn’t feel like goo at all once deactivated by that light. Probably some kind of curing process.

He went on to Lenna and saw the wet patch on Lenna’s skirt and probably her wet panties too from his angle. ‘Sorry my lady that I didn’t make it in time.’

Lenna smiled weakly. ‘Don’t worry.’

When he reached me, I could see his eyes wandering around my crotch and exposed panties. ‘You too?’

Me: ‘Yeah. Actually, we all wet ourselves. We were trying to make it back to HQ to use the toilet there. We kinda didn’t make it.’

Jack chuckled. ‘Always the same story. Every female on this campus seems to want to do that.’

Elina was already up dusting some grass off her skirt; it had a little wet patch at her butt. Lenna stood up next; her skirt was in an even worse state since she didn’t pull it up. Now she had a stain both at the back and the front.

‘You guys better go wash up then. I can give Elina a quick lift back to get her pass and we’ll send you where you were meant to go.’

Ok. So Elina was right about the position to lie down in. Guess she has experience working with this guy and knows his soft spots.

‘Wow, thanks!’ Elina chirped.

I stood up and started dusting grass off. Jack started walking to his jeep. I stood up, caught up with Jack and kept to his pace since I was incredibly curious about his job and wanted to know more about what he was using as well as the procedures involved. Lenna did the same and was soon by my side. Elina was behind us as we headed towards Jack’s jeep. Why is she keeping her distance? Is she inspecting my butt?

‘What about the remaining…adherent agent that is on the ground?’ I asked as a starter.

‘Oh, it’ll disintegrate after a few days. Biodegradable.’, Jack replied.

‘Wow. How long does it have holding power for?’

Jack: ‘It could last a couple of days I guess in the shade. But it degrades faster in sunlight like this. If I didn’t come by and release you you’d probably be free in a couple of hours.’

‘Do you use it often?’

‘You do have a lot of questions. I guess I get called out maybe thrice a week? I probably only submit an adherent report perhaps once a month though when some pesky vandals who don’t know about the system here decide to come on campus at night.’

‘That’s quite frequent.’

‘Yes, I get called up for all sorts of problems. You must remember that I am the only personnel attending to this entire sector of the campus. Probably two hundred employees not counting HQ itself in a research environment. Lots of potential for fires, accidents and stuff.’

‘How large is the sector?’

‘This sector is shaped like a long rectangle spanning from the HQ to slightly beyond Lab 28 lengthwise and covers five blocks in width. That’s about an eighth of the campus. Now, now, let’s all get into my vehicle and I’ll send you on the way.’

*033*2017-04-06 10:53

13. Engagement

I turned forward and was startled to see that I was about to bash myself into the parked jeep and quickly stopped walking. I fell forwards and pressed my hands against the jeep windows to prevent myself from hitting it. Oops. I had obviously got carried away and wasn’t looking where I was walking. I swear I could hear a stifled giggle from Lenna and turned to look at her. She had a hand covering her mouth and was clearly watching me. Am I that funny? And she can giggle?

Jack got into the drivers’ seat; I sat in front while Elina and Lenna piled into the rear. I wondered how Lenna felt with her pee soaked skirt pressing against the seat and what it would do to the seat itself, but didn’t say anything. Maybe Jack doesn’t think too much about his jeep seats. I could hear the switching harmonics from the power inverter as the jeep started out; Jack was a pretty fast driver and we were back at Lab 28 in less than 30 seconds.

‘Here ya go. Eeeeelinaa?’

What was with his tone. Is she his pet?

Elina opened the door, hopped out of the jeep and ran into the high bay warehouse. Yay. Question time again.

‘So.. how long have you been doing this for? You seem like the outdoor type of guy.’ I tried striking a conversation.

‘Yea. I still go rowing and hiking during the weekends when I am not on duty. Been here since they set this campus up, watched it grow into the sprawl it is today.’

‘Wow. That must have been a good part of the past decade.’

‘Yea. Maybe 8 years? Watched lots of guys and gals come and go. I heard they are doing something in this huge warehouse that will change the world. Guess you are on that team?’

Maybe I shouldn’t ask so much after all, since the very subject the lab was focused on was seated in the back seat behind. I decided my best bet was to try to sound like an overzealous newbie. ‘Yes, I am. Everything I’ve seen today’s real cool actually. The lab, the people, the equipment. Other than being caught in adherent and being rescued by a knight in a jeep.’

Jack chuckled. ‘Far from a knight in a jeep. More like an overgrown boy maybe.’ While he was talking, he looked up into his rear-view HUD that was projected onto his windshield and eyed Lenna seated at the back. ‘Recusing more than one pretty lady is always my cup of tea. Guess I had my lucky day.’

I wasn’t sure what to say. He continued, ‘Sorry for being so rude. You’re Lenna right? I saw your name on the tag scanner. Always a pleasure to assist.’

Lenna immediately perked up. I could tell she was also quite uncertain what she should be saying. He went on, ‘Been seeing you around with Elina for the last month or so. New to this place too?’

I turned to look back at Lenna, gave her a reassuring smile and mouthed ‘Say yes. Play along.’ She smiled back at me and replied Jack ‘Yes, I am new. Elina’s been bringing me around. I stick with her since she’s the only female who I can really talk to. Just joined a month ago, same lab as Aisha over here. Doing roughly the same work that Aisha is going to do.’

Jack: ‘Cool. You guys look like each other. Are you related or something or am I just seeing things?’

I was caught off guard. I looked at Lenna again and I think she could tell I was quite lost for words.

‘No, we find it amazing we look alike too.’ Lenna smiled as she managed to squeeze out a reply.

Jack chuckled. I turned back to face Jack and added ‘Yeah, it was quite amazing that I found somebody in the Lab who looked almost like me. I thought I was seeing twin from some other dimension or something. It was the first topic that started us off.’ Maybe’s actually probably not too far off from reality now that I think of it. I turned back to Lenna and winked. She winked back.

Just as I finished, a rap on the backseat window startled all of us. Elina was back and was tapping her knuckles on the window for Jack to unlock the door. He unlocked the door and Elina popped in, breathless from her pass retrieval exercise.

She went on explaining herself in a staccato: ‘Sorry I took so long guys. The pass was buried under a stack of Jan’s notes. He’s going nuts in there. Digging up all sorts of old records. He mentioned something about consistency. Checking something for consistency, something like that, I am not sure. Do you want to speak to him Aisha?’

I pondered for a moment. What could be inconsistent? Lenna’s latest neural tuning? Her behaviour? Charts? Her programming? I guess I’ll have more insight into it after I browse the documentation. Anyway, he’ll call me or he’d have told Elina if it was something very urgent.

I finally made up my mind: ‘Let’s return to HQ first. I think he would notify me if there was something very urgent I should know.’

‘Ok! We’ll just be in time to miss the lunch crowd peak.’ Elina was chirping again.

‘You guys haven’t had lunch? What a pity I had mine earlier, otherwise I’d join you. Have to go back to my office to settle some stuff.’ Jack commented. I heaved a sigh of relief. Having lunch with somebody not in the know of Lenna’s status was probably going to be a nightmare from the interaction perspective. ‘Let’s get you back to HQ then.’

Jack shifted the jeep into drive and sped down towards where we were supposed to have been almost an hour before. I was quite thirsty and suddenly remembered I still had the bottle with me; I took a few sips until there was about a third left. Elina saw me drinking and asked if she could have some; I told her she could finish what was left. After all, I could easily get something else to drink later at the café. I watched again with a degree of fascination as she took the bottle and emptied the remaining third in 2 seconds. She really has this habit of gulping down water.

We finished the journey in relative silence; it was barely 3 minutes before we reached HQ. ‘Thanks for the ride, Jack!’ Elina said as we got out of the jeep. ‘And thank you for rescuing us.’ I added. Jack smiled as I closed the door. He wound down the window and ended off with ‘Keep in touch. Let’s catch up sometime if you guys happen to be around, and I hope I won’t find you adhered to something with Elina again.’ I suppose Jack could sense the urgency with which we needed to go back to do work; Elina did sound very flustered earlier with her report about Jan rummaging through historical notes.

Thoughts flashed across my mind as I walked towards the glass door of the reception hall. I wonder what Jan was so concerned about. On the other other hand, maybe it's just Elina exaggerating. And what's this about Lenna and myself looking like we're related. Disturbing.

*035*2017-04-07 15:07

14. The Receptionist

We stepped back into the reception hall. The pretty receptionist was seated at her desk. Elina approached her and waved the pass: ‘Christine, sorry for being so late with this.’

Christine looked at us with her pretty eyes. ‘It’s OK. I heard you were caught by security. It’s all over the internal company social networking portal.’ Looks like that’s what she’s doing the whole day at her desk. Can’t blame her, really.

Elina replied ‘What’s on it?’

‘There were quite a few people who took photographs of you guys during lunch and posted them. There’s currently a debate ongoing about whether the photos should be pulled.’

‘Photos? Pulled? Why?’ I asked.

‘Come and have a look.’ We walked round the front of the reception desk Christine was seated at and crowded round her holo-screen. She continued: ‘The photos aren’t exactly glamourous.’

I looked as she swiped down her news feed. There were at least 10 posts with multiple photos of us gooed to the grass on the lawn, and almost all of them had at least photo showing off our legs and panties.

Elina suddenly shouted: ‘Yes! I have succeeded. I hope this will lead to an abolishment of the gooing policy!’

Christine looked back at us in surprise. ‘That was your aim? Really?’

‘Well, I didn’t do it on purpose…it just turned out that way.’ Elina suddenly muted her rhetoric.

Christine explained ‘It looks like it’s not what the management is thinking. They are responding to the posts that they are now considering alternative security measures like…’ She dragged the screen down to a post, highlighted it with her fingers and read it out ‘Equipping drones with decency covers to prevent such an incident from repeating itself.’ Her nails were buffed and painted to perfection, I noted.

Elina look flabbergasted. ‘But...that’s dumb!’

‘I know how you feel, but that’s the way things are I guess’ Christine was trying to sound sympathetic. Her voice suddenly changed. ‘Umm. By the way, could you guys help me out and stand by the counter for a while? I need to use the bathroom really badly. Haven’t managed to go since the morning. I came back from lunch in a rush to attend to some matters here and did't manage to visit the loo. Corporate event, as usual.’

My ears suddenly perked up. I glanced down and saw her bouncing her thighs on the seat. Elina immediately volunteered her services. ‘Sure! I’ll sit here. Aisha, do you need to go?’ She winked at me as if to indicate to me to say yes. Christine stood up slowly, gingerly stepping to the side and was standing by the side of the counter waiting for the decision. She was patting her left hand on her thigh. I could clearly see that her pencil skirt was stretching to contain her rounded bladder.

I took the hint. ‘Yes’, I replied. ‘All that waiting’s been bad for my bladder. Lenna shall we go together?’

Lenna nodded. I held Lenna’s hand and we walked together to the bathroom together with Christine. I could see that Christine needed to go quite badly; she was walking rather fast and had her hands clenched by her side as she walked. Suddenly, she stopped and stuffed both of her hands between her legs. I looked at her; she was obviously fighting off a major urge. Her make-up is immaculate, I thought to myself. I should try doing up my brows like hers next time. Somehow, I was not as attracted to her needing to pee as much as Elina; she was too pretty and perfect to pee in my opinion. Why do I have such weird opinions! Shh. I tried to silence my mind.

‘Just a bit more Christine, you can do it.’ I said.

‘Sorry guys I really need to go.’, was the reply; she broke out into a run.

Lenna and I looked at each other and we continued on our way. She was in full force by the time we entered the bathroom; I could hear her blasting at the porcelain. It was going on and on. My first instinct was to look on the floor; did she make it? There were clear drops of liquid just in front of the first stall nearest the main door. Maybe not.

*038*2017-04-08 08:16

Well, actually, it's a bit more than that. Aisha doesn't quite have to go yet and Elina's communicating something with the wink that Aisha picked up. I'll probably create another pretty Christine receptionist situation sooner or later!

*039*2017-04-08 11:06

15.Lenna’s Turn

Lenna suddenly squeezed my hand. ‘I can feel…pee…again. The noise is making pre-peeing feeling. Christine’s noise. Can I let it come out?’ She whispered.

‘Definitely. Of course.’ I replied. I was slightly amused and tried not to smile too much. She really finds it so awkward. And what’s with asking permission to pee. We have Elina’s conditioning to thank for that I suppose. Lenna’s expression of it is kind of cute though. Perhaps Elina asked me if I needed to go in the hope that I accompanied her.

Lenna took several small steps towards the 2nd stall, went in, and closed the door. I could hear her fumbling with her belt. She’s really removing that skirt just to pee? I could gauge from the noises that she was trying very hard to undo her buckle and something was getting caught. Wow. That must be a torture.

Suddenly, I heard Lenna sigh as a splattering noise started. I squatted down, held my hair up and peeked under gap of the 2nd stall; she was standing right in front of the potty and I could see clear liquid drops hitting the floor in-between Lenna’s heels at an alarming rate. Looks like she needs more help than I anticipated…she’s peed herself again.

I counted the seconds that Lenna went for; it was approximately 8 from the time I got down to the time the drops stopped falling between her legs. I was rather unsurprised this time around. Basically, Lenna seemed to be able to keep her pee in for only a few additional seconds when her bladder reached its predetermined capacity. My stomach suddenly growled. Perhaps I should be taking care of my own needs. Should I go myself? But I’m not even feeling the urge. I think I’ll just wait. I’m hungry more than anything else.

It suddenly occurred to me that squatting down was rather rude. I stood back up, brushed my hair and waited. Christine’s noise was still going on. Her bladder must be huge. I wonder how long she had been holding it for. Suits her role as a receptionist I suppose. She went on for another few more seconds before starting to taper. I could hear Christine using the bidget and tearing open what sounded like a tissue packet. She was wiping herself; she obviously leaked some into her panties and pantyhose and was using tissue to clean up. It took her roughly a minute; by this time, I was wondering what Lenna was doing in her stall. It was rather worrisome. Is this why she needed company?

Christine finally finished, unlocked her door and emerged. I couldn’t help but notice her knee length pencil skirt again; the stretch just below the belt of her high-waist skirt that was present earlier was now flat and smooth. She saw me, and looked at me with a question mark shining through her pretty eyes. I pointed to the 2nd stall and mouthed ‘Lenna is in there.’ Christine immediately seemed to understand. She nodded and went out without a word.

What was I supposed to do? Maybe I should wait for Elina?

I took a few steps forward and put my ear near the stall door to see if I could make out any noise that Lenna was making. Nothing. I tapped on the door gently and called out: ‘Lenna?’

It was then that I realized the door was not locked; it slowly swung ajar from the force of my taps. I placed my right hand on the handle and pushed it open slowly. Lenna was seated on the toilet with her skirt still on and her belt partially undone. Her face was buried in her hands.

I could feel the sympathy for her; she probably felt hopeless. After all, she was designed to feel and think like a human. It wasn’t that long ago that I felt exactly like this. Losing control right in front of a potty was probably the worst possible thing you could do; so near, yet so far. It was humiliating and reminded you of all your weaknesses which were beyond control. It was only in recent years that I manage to minimize those occurrences with my powerful muscles. Perhaps that was a story to share with Lenna.

I squatted in front of her and held her wrists.

‘Lenna, it’s all ok. I felt you struggling when you were removing your skirt. I know exactly how it feels and I have been through it. I can help you. But you must promise me. Don’t put your face in your hands like this when it happens. Ok? Just smile if it happens. I want your brightest smile. You will be fine.’ Wait. Wasn’t that cognitive behavioural therapy? Might as well give it a shot. ‘Come, release your hands. Relax. I’m here with you. I’ll close the stall door, OK?’

I used my left hand and closed the door, securing it in place. I realized I was squatting in my heels in a puddle of Lenna’s pee and it wasn’t the nicest position to be in, but whatever. Lenna had to be attended to. At least her pee didn’t have a smell to it.

Lenna only slowly released her hands when the door was closed. She placed them on her lap. She looked at me with her soft, beautiful deep blue eyes. They were teary and had fear in them. She can even cry. She’s so real. I looked at her and tried giving my most reassuring smile. Her fear faded and she smiled in return. We were gazing at each other for what must have been quite a length of time. I held her hands with mine and gave her a squeeze. ‘It’s ok.’

We continued looking at each other. Thoughts were racing through my head. Wow. This is what being with an android feels like. It’s strange but amazing at the same time. She feels so real. I can feel the emotion pouring out of her. She’s disappointed. Not with anything or anyone, but with herself. She’s projecting her fears, her insecurity on the fact that she wet herself. I wonder what those fears are. Is this what being human is all about?

‘Thank you, Aisha, for being here with me.’ Lenna whispered slowly. ‘I’ll try to pull myself together. But I think I need...pee...again. I feel more of the sensation.’

I looked in surprise at Lenna. I was still holding her hands. ‘That’s fast. Didn’t you just empty most of your bladder?’

*042*2017-04-09 11:47

16. Muscles

Lenna looked down at the puddle I was standing in. ‘I am actually unsure. But I have noted a…pattern to my...pee. I usually…have more pee after going on the neural tuner that you saw earlier today.’ Was this related to her energy consumption on the tuner? Or was this related to some other feature of her..body? Either way…ok, so she is quite self-conscious of her body and still in the process of understanding it. This is all rather interesting. Does she have access to some sort of an internal data measurement system given her internal robotic fundamentals?

I fumbled through my mind for a question to express the thought. ‘Can you tell me how much fluid is in your stomach right now?’

Lenna looked at me with a degree of curiosity. ‘Hmm. That is an interesting question. No, not really. I don’t feel very full and I don’t feel thirsty either. So maybe it’s…half filled? I’m not sure…and haven’t really thought about that before.’ She paused, thought for a moment and went on: ‘Do you mean that real humans like yourself can tell how full their stomachs are quantitively? That would be useful ability I think.’

I was startled by her reply. She’s more self-aware than I thought. She probably has even come to terms with her robotic consciousness. ‘It’s the same for me. I know I am hungry right now, which probably means that it is empty, but can’t tell you how much food my stomach digested or is digesting.’ Obviously, all I could focus on was my stomach.

‘So that makes us more or less the same then.’ Lenna smiled. ‘Can I remove my skirt? I might wet it even more. I can feel pee coming.’

‘Of course. Don’t mind me.’ Secretly, I wanted to see how real she was privately.

I got up and stood with my back against the stall door as Lenna stood up and undid her belt. She pulled down her skirt into a bunch at about knee level, exposing her panties. She had beautiful, slim legs and shapely hips. Her navel was exposed as she pulled up her top a little and was slightly rounded, accentuating the curves that formed up her v-line which led down to her privates.

She was wearing fitting light blue panties that had little black lacy embroidery near the top. I could see the dark blue damp patch between her legs. She pulled down her panties and gasped; I immediately knew she had probably felt the urge of her refilled bladder, which was probably one of the reasons behind her slightly more rounded lower belly. She sat quickly back down on the toilet; I only caught a fleeting glimpse of her privates but as far as I could tell, she was shaved and looked like the real deal. I guess she doesn’t grow hair there.

I was surprised that she didn’t immediately let go when she sat down. Instead, she grimaced as she held on for a few more seconds. Her hands were on her thighs and I could see her fingers digging into their respective thighs as she tried holding on. I quickly squatted back down and held her hands.

‘Why are you holding like this?’ I asked. Just as I asked the question, a jet of clear liquid even thicker than my own pee stream shot out from her synthetic urethra. I looked down and could see her clitoris just above the pee stream; it was a little swollen but was otherwise anatomically perfect. I looked at Lenna and her face was filled with relief as she finished. I kept count; it the magic 7 seconds, yet again. Why was it swollen? Does she actually get aroused? I am so tempted to ask if she felt good. Does it actually swell when she gets aroused? I could feel a weird sense of excitement building in me. I couldn’t understand why I wanted to find out.

‘Elina told me to practice holding when I can. I still don’t understand. I still seem to be squeezing the wrong part. It still seems to come out very fast like that. Elina told me she can hold on for an hour.’

‘How did she teach you?’ I was mildly amused that Elina even supplied a figure on how long she could hold for. The experience earlier on the grass when Elina mentioned that she tried to teach Lenna how to hold flashed through my mind. She had even attempted to cheerlead Lenna into holding. Might as well find out more now.

‘She tried to describe how it felt. I am not even sure if I understood the feeling right.’

I knew that communicating such an abstract movement verbally was close to impossible. It took myself ages to figure out how to do Kegels correctly, and even then, I owed my learning process to serendipitous sexual discovery. I still recall the nurse trying her hardest to teach me how to do Kegels after I was diagnosed with a small bladder, and failing to even help the least despite her efforts.

*045*2017-04-11 10:26

17.Serendipity

My memory of how I discovered on my own accord started replaying in my mind. It happened during my teenage years. I remember laying down after school on the bed late one afternoon daydreaming about a cool hunk at the bus stop who had tried to ask me out. Too bad he was interrupted when my shuttle arrived to pick me up. He was tall, good looking and was obviously the outdoor sort, with relatively tan skin and sunglasses. I imagined his strong muscles, his broad chest and his well-sized package; I went out with him on a fantasy date to the beach.

I recall starting to touch myself despite knowing that I had to pee; I had not visited the bathroom since I came back which was a breach of ritual. I was completely distracted and fixated on the experience of going through the beach date with him instead. In my mind’s eye, it was warm, sunny and breezy at the beach. I was in my sexy swimsuit and we were lazing under a beach umbrella on the soft and pure beach sand. I could feel the coolness of the sand against my bare back. We were alone together. He was starting to touch me and started holding me in an embrace. I could feel his breath over me. His hands were moving slowly over my chest; they fondled with my breasts. They slowly stroked my belly, my back and my thighs. They finally reached towards my clitoris and started massaging.

I came much faster than I expected after the clitoris touching bit of the fantasy started; it was almost shockingly sudden. I remember feeling an odd pulsing sensation that I had never felt before; it felt very uneasy when it began. I nevertheless couldn’t resist the instinct to lock my thoughts and muscles onto the relentless beat of the pulses. I remember the pulses building up; I felt like I was about to fall over a cliff into oblivion when I finally clenched for the first time in my life.

It was primordial compared to the powerful orgasms I have today, but it was still nevertheless a ‘pulsing’ or ‘clenching’ orgasm. It’s difficult to describe in words. I would never forget the feeling that opened up upon me. It was possibly my first real climax of my life. I kept on going. A few seconds later I realized I was wetting my bed. It was coming out in between my uncontrollable pulses; I panicked and tried to get up to stop. My actions proved futile; they not only brought an abrupt end to my fantasy and orgasm but also caused me to empty the rest of my small bladder onto the floor by my bed.

I remember the daze that I was in straight after; my uniform was in a mess, my bed had suspicious wet streaks on it and there was a puddle on the floor. I was more confused than ever. It was a mini-crisis. I recalled the nervousness in inventing a reason to explain why the bed, the floor and my uniform were wet to my single mother, who was already very concerned that her daughter had been diagnosed with a small bladder and seemed to be still wetting herself into her teenage years. I told my mum that I had wet it while taking a nap. She didn’t sound convinced, but fortunately didn’t pursue further. I managed to at least persuade myself that she was convinced to help a bit with the embarrassment of getting caught.

My most important realization and conjecture, however, was that I could stop my pee stream by emulating that clenching feeling. Did I just figure out what all that clenching the nurse was talking about meant? I recall putting myself to a shower and then gulping down three glasses of water and another glass of lemonade to try if I could find out. My mum thought I had gone mad with the amount I drank all at once since it was incredibly unusual; I had learnt to always make an effort to drink small quantities regularly to prevent any major wetting incidents in place of large amounts all at once. She had even thought I was feeling ill.

I felt my bladder filling very shortly afterward and went to the bathroom to sit on the potty. I spread my legs apart and started touching myself slowly and working out from there exactly which muscles I should be clenching. Very soon I was dreaming about the guy again; I realized it was essentially the same feeling as masturbating.

Suddenly, I felt the first urge approaching; it was like a giant, powerful sea wave that was moving slowly and inexorably towards me from a distance. The wave seemed far out but I knew that it would always somehow reach too quickly and hit too hard for me to manage. Usually, this was the point when I knew I’d be in trouble and the point where I’d be frantically searching for a toilet if I was not already in one. I would have had almost certainly wet myself without my hand squeezing my urethra shut in some way. Regardless, I also knew that any amount of squeezing would have only bought me a few more moments.

I had been stroking my clitoris while waiting for the wave to hit. Just as I felt the wave hitting, I stopped, pulled my hand away, and tried to clench with all my might. I remember perching on the edge of the toilet seat with my hands supporting my weight; I felt the wave approaching like a freight train and almost blacked out. It almost felt like a climax. The wave suddenly paused. It was as if the freight train had been frozen in time. The tunnel vision and dimming lights that accompanied the sensation gradually brightened to normal as the wave subsided.

The freight train had disappeared. I was on the other end of the tunnel. I looked down; I was dry and the floor in front of me was dry. There was a small drop of pee which had escaped; it was slowly making its way down the left side of my pussy, next to where the base of my left thigh started. I felt a strange sense of relief washing over me. I had held in a pee wave for the first time ever without any hands. It was a monumental achievement, and it felt, well, good.

I remember trying to hold on for a second time as my rapidly filling bladder complained less than a minute later. It felt so good that I was reluctant to pull my hand away from the stroking and clenching. It felt really good. I clenched even harder as I pulled my stroking hand away a little too late; all of a sudden, the freight train hit me. I exploded. It was the second powerful orgasm of my life and was more powerful than the first. My pee sprayed out of me as I felt overwhelming spasms in my lower body; the pee spurts that emerged flew 2 meters through the air and hit the middle of the bathroom door with distinct sharp splatters. I recall almost losing my grip on the potty from the sheer pleasure and relief that the orgasm offered. I was empty in just those few squirts.

Oops. I recall sheepishly cleaning up and visiting the toilet about ten minutes later with a refilled bladder to try again. The feeling was addictive. However, my young muscles were already too tired from having cum twice and they just gave up no matter how hard I tried clenching. I couldn't even reach climax. I was mildly frustrated and aspired to strengthen them.

That discovery essentially became my Kegel regime. I couldn’t recall the number of times I came while practicing my Kegels. It became an excuse for getting off while being horny. Actually, maybe that’s how I ended up with this little spontaneous orgasm issue of mine. Hmm. Not that I’m complaining. But nevertheless, hmm. Maybe there’s a link.

There had to be a better way to teach Lenna how to do this. I think I should get lunch very soon though. My stomach was growling. I can feel myself losing patience and focus. Even my wandering thoughts are losing focus. Crap. No being hangry in office on the first day.

‘Aisha?’

I snapped out of my daze. ‘Sorry Lenna…I…I was thinking.’ Oops. I better stop daydreaming. And…I’m pretty sure I’m wet down there again. I should try that again one day on the toilet at home maybe. It's been a while since I...did that. Ok, I have to stop thinking about this now. I tried to refocus. I managed to ask Lenna what was really on my mind: ‘Do you think you will need to pee again soon?’

*046*2017-04-11 10:45

It was not exactly a flashback with a nurse, but I hope it's enjoyable nevertheless! I will probably have to write some filler with no real pee related content soon to progress the story, so please don't mind that.

*049*2017-04-16 09:08

Ok! Next chapter has arrived. Finally.

18. Alive

‘I think…I could be able to go to the toilet upstairs. I notice it has been usually 5 or 6 times after a tuning session.’

I looked at Lenna. I didn’t know whether to feel amused or sorry for her. She just peed with a relatively full bladder after wetting herself five minutes prior. The occurrence wasn’t new to me; I knew exactly how it felt. The only difference for me was the setting; I have only ever experienced the issue while at a pub or some drinking venue, rather than in a bathroom at the office. Flashbacks of me wetting myself while queueing for the bathroom at a bar after having went just a few minutes prior were popping up all over my mind, but I suppressed them for another time. I wanted lunch.

There was no way we were going to make it to the top floor with all the chatter that Elina would pull off; besides, I might end up adding even more to the chatter given my temptation to find out more about the pretty receptionist who was now known as Christine. My thoughts ran off-key again. Where was Elina to begin with. Chatting with Christine? Back in her office? Did she ask me to come in here in anticipation of this? Perhaps she did. How else was she going to explain this whole situation to me? I snapped back out. I really need lunch.

‘Lenna, I think it might be better if you sit here for a while more and let your next pee out. I am not sure if you will be able to make it up to the café and I don’t want you to feel upset again.’ I squeezed her hands. They were soft and warm to the touch. ‘Tell me when you need to go again.’ I smiled as I changed my crouching position in front of her to something more comfortable. She looked at me while I was doing so and returned the smile. She really is very pretty when she smiles. I intended to time how long it took for her to fill up. I glanced at my watch; it was 12:50pm in the afternoon and I had probably been daydreaming for three or so minutes. 12:50pm. No wonder I was hungry. I looked at Lenna again. Maybe I could ask her more questions in the meantime?

It might be interesting to find out when her ‘memory’ starts. ‘Do you remember anything about your activation?’

‘Actually, no. Jan told me that I was activated about a month ago, but I have memories from before. Way before. Memories I can recall from ages ago.’

This roused my curiosity. I could feel my eyes communicating the curiosity to her synthetic blue ones. ‘How long is long before?’

‘The earliest thing I recall...’ Lena paused and thought for a moment, ‘I remember I saw thousands of handwritten numerical digits. Each one was isolated onto an individual piece of paper. This seems like many years before. I remember them coming together, forming what I came to know as numbers.’

My goodness. Was she describing the MNIST database for numerical digits? I took out my mobile communicator which was rather ancient for the times and started searching for a sample picture from the MNIST database. The dataset that Lenna was referencing was way more ancient than my mobile, an artefact from the 2000’s. I wasn’t even born yet when it was created. I finally found a grainy digit sample extracted from the database and showed it to Lenna. ‘Was this what you remember seeing?’

Lenna’s face brightened as she saw it. ‘Yes! That’s exactly it. How did you find it?’ She stuck out her index finger and started flipping through the search results.

I hesitated. She seems quite self-aware that she is a robot, so I guess it would be OK to relate to her as one? This was in breach of the inverse-turing principle, but I recognized that she needed a foundation of an origin, a starting point which she believed in. ‘I am trying to work out how your memories were created. The digits you mentioned are from a really old open dataset of hand written digits which were used at the dawn of artificial intelligence to teach machines how to read. It was created before I was born myself. You go back to the beginning, Lenna.’

Lenna beamed. ‘Really? I haven’t tried searching or reading on this topic before. Does that mean that everything I can recall or remember is an open data set?’

I was surprised that she beamed and that she knew what an open dataset was. I didn’t quite get it and couldn’t work out her thinking behind, but if it worked, why not emphasize it. ‘Yes, very likely. I think you were trained over and over again in your infancy on the datasets that you see and have in your memory. Even before you were given the wonderful body you have right now.’

Lenna immediately sunk back down. ‘Wonderful body? But I keep having to pee and have all sorts of other issues…why is it wonderful? I remember living in a world full of numbers, wonderful visuals of scenery, pictures of happy people and cute pictures of animals, especially cats. There were even many videos I could all watch at once. I could access all that at will. Why are you saying that it’s better to be out here?’

Looks like I hit a very sore spot. Her response just revealed to me the depth of events that brought me here. It was the underlying current. They basically ported a simulated intelligence that was being evolved and trained on data trawled from the internet into this body and named her Lenna. What a mistake. No wonder Jan was so worried, and no prizes for answers as to why she’s so aware about her artificial origin. Her question is really deep though. I doubt I can provide a complete answer. How should I answer it?

I looked at her in the eyes, remembered all that we went through this morning, squeezed her hands and said: ‘You’re alive now, Lenna. You have a physical form. You are a physical being. You saw the beautiful blue sky, felt the fresh breeze and smelt the scents that blew by from the flowers in the hedges. You felt the excitement and adventure of being bound to the grass patch. You felt the mischief of telling a white lie to Jack about yourself. And above all, you felt friendship. We went through all that together. We felt all that together. We shared each other’s joys, worries, and frustrations. I am here for you Lenna. Elina is here for you too. We are all standing by your side.’

I went on: ‘You have been given the gift of life. Live, Lenna, explore and experience what’s around. You are beautiful Lenna. Never forget that.’

Lenna smiled. ‘Aisha, I will always remember that. Thank you.’

