Paige likes to hold her pee - Page 2

Author: Quackduck

*021*2022-03-19 15:28

New Record

Paige pissed for a second against her efforts to hold it, and she jolted her butt back and squeaked in surprise. "Uhn- Ooh, okay, uhh--" she jumped up and stood squirming in front of Eleanor. "Can I pleasee use the toilet?"

"I guess you did everything I asked," El smirked and took her time getting off the seat. Paige hurriedly sat down on it, groaning anxiously, and started pissing hard within seconds. About five seconds into the torrent, she suddenly stopped it, faltering to a spurting, continuous squirt for a tew seconds until it stopped. She jerked her ass around and pushed herself up, her butt hovering off the seat. wincing and groaning.

"Damn dude!" Eleanor commented. "Does that hurt?"

"I mean," she panted, her voice shakey, "it hurt in the same way the floor thing did. Sort of. Oooh--" she suddenly started uncontrollably pissing. She let it go for a while before she stopped it, tensing her thighs and squirming around, squeezing her hands into fists until it stopped again. Aching urgency still sat in the bulging body of piss above her pubic bone as she squirmed and writhed. She slapped her pussy a few times before standing up and pacing around, rubbing her fingers in between her pussy lips.

Eleanor drank from the sink while Paige ran the shower again, wincing and stepping around. "Did I get pee on you?" Paige asked, "do you need to rinse again?"

Eleanor burped and groaned, holding her stomach. "Yeah, I'll hop in in a second," she muttered, lowering her head into the sink again and drinking even more.

Although she had emptied a considerable amount of her full bladder, Paige could not keep still. It felt like if she did, the liquid would just start coming out. The water she drank was filling her bladder quickly, and her body was beginning to seriously protest not being completely emptied for so long. She had kept in her morning pee, too! She could feel a leak ready to happen right behind her urethra, barely held in by her tired muscles. She held herself and hopped up and down, bursting with piss.

Eleanor got in and rinsed, then the girls got out and dried off.

"Should we get dressed?" El asked.

"Why wouldn't we?" Paige asked, hopping from foot to foot. El shrugged. "We don't have too-oooh!" she doubled over and jerked one leg over the other, wincing and dropping down to her knees, where she sat writhing and grinding her crotch into her heel. "You like being naked, El?" she asked, smirking.

"Kinda," Eleanor giggled.

"Ohhh, I gotta gooo," she bounced on her heel. The girl's poor bladder was being thoroughly abused. She just didn't want to let it out.

Eleanor drank from the sink again until her belly felt ready to pop, then the girls sat on the floor of the bedroom and watched TV, El laying on her side and cradling her overfull stomach, Paige squirming madly and cradling her overfull bladder. She was sitting on a towel in case she leaked again, which felt really likely. Time passed, her screaming urge to urinate only intensifying, until it became all the naked girl could think about.

"I'm starting to have to go again," Eleanor said, who had started sipping a coke as soon as her belly quit hurting.

"Ah! Huhh- ohh--" Paige was absolutely dying, changing sitting positions every couple of seconds. Pretty soon, she wasn't even still for a couple of seconds, her insane desperation keeping her constantly writhing.

"You okay?" Eleanor chuckled.

"I-it's r-really hard to h-hold it in," Paige stuttered, on the verge of tears. She was a whimpering mess. A volume of liquid far past the healthy limit stretched her bladder walls out into a huge, tender bulge. It felt like the tortured organ was squeezing itself every couple of seconds, and with every contraction came a jolt of pleasure, tingling in her privates. "Ahh! Owww--" she groaned, a little bit of urine seeping out of her burning urethra. "I c-can't even sit u-up straight!" she gasped, "it's s-so bad. It hurts so bad..." A hard spurt shot out of her pussy. She jolted her body and squeezed her fingers hard into her dribbling peehole, moaning and biting her lip, tears forming in her eyes.

"T-this mi-ight be the worst--" she winced, "I've ever had t-to piss..." Another second-long jet of piss came out. "Mmph!!" she groaned and squeezed her leaking vagina, lurching forward and intensifying her crazy writhing. Her entire trembling, naked body was glistening with sweat. Her tight bladder was hard as a rock, swollen to an insane degree. Pleasure was swirling intensely through her pussy, every frantic rub and squeeze felt amazing. She scooted back and forth on her heel, and when she wasn't gripping herself tightly, she was rubbing her vagina in a circular motion. The main intention was to retain the massive volume of piss inside her body, but it felt so good, and it kept getting better.

Eleanor was prodding her filling bladder as she watched her, enamored by the display. "We should measure you," she said.

"C-can't walk... without p-peeing!" she squeaked, biting her lip. "Ohhh... It hurtssss... mmmph! mmm..." Suddenly, as she was rubbing herself against her foot, an astronomical wave of euphoria rippled through her body. She gasped as her body quaked with the sensation, unable to keep from letting out a moan. It felt so fucking good. She'd never felt that good before. The constant spasms from her overstretched bladder walls were almost overstimulating, pain and pleasure intertwined and extremely intense. She looked up at her friend, her cheeks a deep red.

"Did you just--" Eleanor started, but didn't finish. Paige's urinary sphincter had officially given out, and was letting an immediate torrent jet out against the floor. "O-oh...!" she started to exclaim, trying for a second to stem the stream, but her body wouldn't let her. "Ohhh my goddd... Fuckkk!" Paige moaned, laying down on her side as her piss shot powerfully out of her body. She moved her hand to her deflating bulge, steaming piss loudly hissing out of her and splattering against the ground. It quickly oversaturated the towel and started forming a huge, hot puddle, which Eleanor quickly ran to get the means to control.

Pure bliss filled Paige's every nerve as she finally voided herself, sighing and moaning, rolling over onto her back and lightly touching around her currently hypersensitive pussy. The pissing went on and on. Eleanor was throwing dirty laundry at the rapidly spreading puddle. "Jesus fucking christ, Paige!" she said. "This has to be liters of pee! Seriously, it's so much!"

Her stream was still going strong. She sat up, still urinating. "I really had to go," she said, smiling, balling up the only dry part of the towel and pulling it against her leaking privates. It gurgled against the fabric as it soaked it with urine. When her stream finally ended, she stood up and started helping Eleanor clean up her mess.

"I can't get over how much you pee'd," she kept saying. "Like, how could you have physically fit that much inside your little self?"

Paige laughed. "Eleanor, you have no idea how bad..." Without warning, urine started leaking out of Paige and pattering to the floor. "Whoa--" she spread her legs, letting the rest of it flow freely. She didn't have it in her to clench her muscles and run to the toilet.

"And you still weren't done," El said.

"I guess not," she squatted down over the soaking wet towel, completely voiding her bladder until it was empty. "Damn."

*025*2022-05-01 20:16

Measuring Eleanor

Once everything was cleaned up, Eleanor sat on her hands on the bed, biting her lip and bouncing on her butt. She quickly stopped and clutched her stomach and leaned her elbows on her knees. "I feel like my belly's gonna burst from drinking all that," she said, having finished the coke by now. "I can feel all the liquid sloshing around... And I really gotta pee."

"I thought I really was going to burst for a minute," Paige chuckled. She hopped off the bed. "God, I gotta pee again already. My muscles are too tired to hold it in right now!" she said as she rushed to the toilet. When she came out, she asked Eleanor if she wanted to get breakfast downstairs.

"I don't wanna eat anything, but I'll come with you. Nobody's home, right? Or do we have to get dressed?"

"We should probably get dressed. Windows and shit."

"Yeahh..." She winced and pinched her crotch. "I kind of want to measure how much I can hold in my bladder," she said as she stood up, stepping from side to side as she looked for her clothes.

"I think I might have a measuring glass in the kitchen..."

"What? No!" Eleanor exclaimed. "I'll drive if you're down to go to the store for something."

"Sure," Paige replied, so they ate breakfast and got ready to go to the store. By the time they were leaving, Eleanor really had to pee, and was doing a potty dance in front of the door waiting for Paige, who had suddenly locked her knees together and ran to the bathroom.

In the car, Eleanor was jiggling in the seat, one hand on the steering wheel and the other one wedged between her thighs.

"Do you think it's a hazard?" Paige asked, "driving while you have to pee so bad?"

"Eh," she replied, then a look of worry spread across her face as she tightened her muscles and pressed her legs even tighter together, gyrating her ass. "Ooh I really have to go... I wish I didn't wear such tight jeans. They're squishing my bladder bad. I didn't think it through."

"Gimme the keys when we get there. You can just focus on holding it in while I drive back."

Eleanor had a pretty difficult time staying composed walking to and through the store. When they got to the kitchen supplies, she crossed her legs as she looked for something.

"How about this?" Paige asked, holding up a big measuring cup that went up to 2 liters.

"Yeah, that's fine! Let's go."

Paige farted. Her cheeks turned pink, she covered her face in embarrassment and started giggling uncontrollably. Eleanor tried not to laugh so that her desperate need to pee wasn't made any more intense, but she couldn't help it.

She froze when it happened, inhaling sharply. The crotch of her jeans darkened, then spread down the thighs to the liquid dribbling off the cuffs of her jeans. She started pressing her thighs together really hard, squeezing her crotch even tighter than she already was. Urine continued to leak out of her howling bladder. Paige gently but hurriedly pushed her in the direction of the clothing section, where there was a little more privacy.

It hurt so badly when she finally stopped it. Her finger was barely keeping the piss that filled her urethra at bay, and her body was begging her to keep going. She still had to urinate so badly it drove her crazy, but she had more pressing matters to attend to.

"I need you to grab something in my size right now," she said to Paige in a hushed voice.

"What if you pee in those too?" her friend whispered.

"I won't! We just need to leave right after!" She stood there trembling in desperation for two long minutes until her friend returned with a pair of jeans.

"You couldn't have grabbed something more loose?!" she lurched forward suddenly. "Ooh fuck fuck fuck..."

"I can still..." Paige started.

"No time! I'm dying!" she stepped around frantically as she took the pants from Paige. Slhe bolted to the dressing rooms, her aching, swollen bladder pulsating with urgency. She hopped around and held herself, her free hand yanking at her jeans button, which dug painfully into her belly. The pulled them down, jolting her ass around with every urgent throb of her overfilled bladder. There was a moment where she really did feel nervous she might wet these as well, but she decided there was no time to spare. She pulled the pants up and clasped them around her swollen belly, a jolt of pain and euphoria rippling through her lower belly.

She inhaled sharply, tears welling in her eyes. These were even tighter than the other ones! She tried to push it out of her mind, pulling the tag off and leaving the dressing rooms, throwing her soiled jeans in the garbage on her way out.

Paige wasn't where she left her. She groaned miserably, looking around as she pulled her jeans button away from her tight bladder and pressed her thighs together, trying not to look absolutely desperate for a toilet. She wandered around looking for her for a few minutes, every step sending a jolt of discomfort through her aching organ. She called her on the phone, but she didn't answer. "Mmph!" her hands shot to her groin, a drop of pee forcing its way out of her vagina. Her bladder was so huge and sensitive, and her pants were so constricting. She started to cry from frustration and discomfort. She was stifling tears as she hurriedly walked out of the store towards the car, and when she got to it, she realized she didn't even have to keys to get any privacy.

She unbuttoned her pants and held herself, pacing around. She was a whimpering, desperate mess. She needed to urinate so badly she couldn't stand it any longer!

Suddenly, her phone started buzzing. It was Paige.

"Paige! Where are you? Please come to the car, I'm gonna explode!"

"Why'd you call me?" she said casually.

Eleanor lurched forward, doubling over and digging her fingers into her vagina. "Ohh...!Please just hurry up, I'm out by the car..."

"I'm here already," El suddenly heard from behind her. She jumped, and a second-long jet of piss was startled out of her. Paige giggled.

"Jesus fuck!" Eleanor swore breathlessly. "Please, we gotta go," she begged, jiggling the door handle.

"I paid for this," she held up the measuring cup. "And I got this just in case," she held up a towel.

"Okay, let's go!" She was honestly relieved her friend bought a towel. She didn't want to admit it, but she was really nervous she wouldn't make it home, even if it was just a five minute drive.

She bounced in the seat as they drove down the road. "Ahhhh I'm gonna piss..." she moaned.

"Sit on the towel!"

She moved it under her butt, then started rocking back and forth. "Mmmm!" she groaned. "I need to empty my bladder so bad!"

"How far do you think you are from your limit?" she asked.

"I'm pretty fucking close," she choked, holding her breath as she gripped her crotch. She somehow made it to the house withojt any further leakage, but by the time she had hobbled her way to Paige's room, she was full-on crying. She was already undressing while they walked in, and she immediately pulled her pants and underwear off, revealing her ridiculously distended bladder. It was so full that the skin turned pink around the middle of the bulge. It hurt really badly. She couldn't remember of a time when she had to pee worse than this.

"Okay, give me the thing..." she said, holding herself and doubling over, stepping in place.

Paige held it to her chest. "What would you do for it?"

"Fucking...!" Eleanor stuttured, starting to dance and writhe frantically. "I can't think straight enough for this game right now! It's gonna come out!"

"Man, you must not want it that bad..." she teased.

El wiped tears off her face. "I would beat the shit out of you," she joked.

"Damn! Chill!" she thought for a second. "Would you do 10 jumping jacks?"

"Noo...!" she whined, grabbing madly at herself. "Please, I seriously just need to pee right now! It's an emergency and I wanna measure!"

"You're 10 jumping jacks away from doing just that!"

"I really can't, just give it, please...!" Her face was beet red as she stepped around, holding her crotch and her butt, whimpering and whining.

"Hey, I let you sit on me!" Paige retorted.

El groaned in frustration before breaking into the exercise. The ocean of piss inside her sloshed painfully against the paper-thin walls of her overstretched bladder. She barely made it to 2 before she started gushing urine, her hands immediately shooting between her thighs and clutching her vagina with all of her strength. It didn't stop for a few seconds as she stood writhing and panicking, genuinely dying to piss. Her body was begging her to let go right there, but she was so close. Her bladder was aching like it never had before. Her urethra was screaming.

Paige laughed. "Oh my god, you're adorable! Here you go, you deserve it." She put the 2 liter measuring cup on the ground in front of El, who rushed over and positioned herself above it. Golden liquid immediately shot out of her in a messy torrent, hissing and splattering loudly. "Mmmmph!" she moaned, squeezing her eyes shut and cupping her hand over her mouth. The stream went on and on. "Ohhhh fuckkkk..."

Paige came over to her and put her hand against her belly, which was still rock-hard. "Crazy pee baby," she commented as she felt it deflate. El smiled a bit. Her whole body was trembling. "You held it in for a really long time!" Paige continued, "especially after having to go so bad this morning."

"I really had to go this morning!" Eleanor said breathlessly, still pissing really hard into the cup. "Not as bad as just now but still really bad... Phew! Oh my god..."

"That's so much!" Paige said, turning her attention to the rapidly filling container. "It's not even slowing down!"

"It feels so good," she moaned. After a minute and a half of continuous urination, she whimpered and held herself as she stemmed the stream before standing up. "I can't squat anymore, I'm about to keep going," she said, stepping from side to side. She paced around doing a potty dance before squatting back over the cup and pissing for another minute. She had pee'd just shy of a liter.
