My friend wants me to wait

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-08-08 06:58

Hannah put her curly blond hair up into pigtails, wearing only an oversized t-shirt and panties. She wriggled a bit, not paying too much attention to her urgent ache to urinate. Her undersized bladder, coupled with her tendency to put off using the toilet, was an almost constant discomfort. Tatiana was on her phone, similarly dressed to her friend sitting next to her on the bed.

“Oh my god…” Tatiana suddenly mumbled.

“What?”

She stifled a chuckle, turning her phone around for her to see. It was a mugshot of Hannah’s ex. The two busted out laughing. After a couple of seconds, a hot little spurt of piss squirted out of Hannah’s full bladder, making her gasp and grab her crotch for a second. Her friend looked down at her squeezing hand and laughed even harder, giving her a weird look. Hannah’s cheeks turned pink as she squirmed and tried not to hold herself.

“Oh man, do you remember how he asked you to prom?”

“Do not bring that up!” Hannah laughed, pressing her thighs together. As per usual, the recent leakage had left her badly aching to piss. As the wave dissipated a little, she scooted to the edge of the bed, preparing to rush to the toilet. “Do you want to come with me to the bathroom?” she asked.

“Ughhhh I do not want to get up…”

“You don’t have to, I just gotta go,” Hannah said, hopping up and hurrying across the room.

“No, I’ll come with! I’m just trying to see what he got arrested for.”

She crossed her legs, bobbing up and down. “How did you even find that?”

“You can just look at recent mugshots on this website.”

She swayed her butt around, cupping her hands over her crotch. “Hurry uppp…” she groaned, starting to march in place.

“I’m coming! Just hold on a second.”

“Eep!” she squeaked, a rather sizable hot spurt dampening her panties. She bolted to the bathroom, hearing Tatiana say “wait!” as she did it. She made it just in time, urine spouting into the toilet bowl immediately after her butt touched the seat. “Ooh…” she moaned a little, relieved that she didn’t have an accident on the run over there.

*001*2022-08-26 00:30

Hannah dried her underwear with some toilet paper as her stream tapered off. She wiped herself and went back to her room without washing her hands.

”Dude, what the hell? I would’ve come with you!” Tatiana said.

”You were taking too long, man! I was ‘bout to bust!”

”You know how long I wait for you sometimes just ‘cause you want to keep me company?”

Hannah sighed. “Alright, next time for sure.” She wasn’t sure when they started accompanying each other to the toilet, but she enjoyed the company. She’d been told by multiple friends that it was weird. She didn’t care too much. She’d long come to terms with being a weird person.

It didn’t take very long for Hannah to feel the next twinge of a need to urinate. Then, when they started downing hard seltzers, it was rapidly on the rise. She was already squirming when Tatiana had the idea of a chugging contest.

”I gotta pee first,” Hannah said, scooting to the edge of the bed.

Tatiana ignored her. “3.. 2.. 1… Go!” The two forced down the liquid in less than twenty seconds. Hannah won. She belched and dropped the can. “Woo! Yeah, bitch! Take that!”

”Another one,” she said, handing her friend another.

”I have to pee!” she said, pressing her fingers into her vagina and wriggling around.

”Dude, me too, let’s just do this first.”

”I have to pee really bad!”

”I haven’t pee’d since this morning!” Tatiana retorted, squeezing between her legs. “You pee’d- what, twenty minutes ago? I’ve been sitting on my heel for like an hour.”

”Alright, alright… Ready? Go!”

”Wait-!” It was too late. She had started chugging, draining it almost immediately. Tatiana started a little after her. “Oogh…” Hannah groaned, clutching her overfilled belly. “I win again.”

”No you don’t! You started way before me!”

”Awe, come on, dude. Don’t be a sore lo-ooooh!” She lurched forward, squeezing her crotch and bouncing on her butt.

”Dude, your bladder muscles must be super weak.”

”They areeee…” she sprawled out on the bed dramatically, clutching her privates. “I have to pee so badddd…”

“It’s your belly stretching with all this liquid,” Tatiana said, “pressing against your bladder.”

“Can we pleeease go potty?” she begged.

“After we do a fair chug. Don’t cheat this time.”

“Dude, the first one was totally-“

“You are such a cheater at these things.”

“Whateverrr,” Hannah scooted up and rested her head in her friend’s lap.

“Ooh, dude, you’re squishing my bladder…”

“Oh yeah?” she moved her head around, digging it into Tatiana’s belly. She gasped, jumping away. “Owww…” she moaned, cradling her organ.

Hannah was giggling, having scrambled to safety, now covering her belly with her arms. Tatiana had a look of revenge on her face.

“You can’t,” Hannah laughed. “You can’t, I’ll pee, I’m serious. It’ll come out.”

“Then why’d you do that!?”

“It’s funny.” She winced suddenly, jiggling. “Come on, already, let’s go pee!”

It took another ten minutes of convincing and another chugging contest before Tatiana finally agreed to go to the bathroom. That time, Hannah couldn’t even finish her drink, and she was absolutely dying piss.

“We can go to the bathroom if I get to go first,” Tatiana said.

“What!? No, dude, I’m about to piss myself right now, seriously!”

“You don’t get it, Hannah” she said, carefully getting up off the bed and hobbling toward the toilet. “Not everyone jumps around. I’m really dying here.”

“W-why’d you hold it in for so long?”

“Bad habit,” she held her bladder and winced. Her friend was close behind. Tatiana sat on the toilet and sighed.

“Hurryyyy…” Hannah whined, hopping around desperately. She stopped and twisted her legs up, writhing and clutching between her legs. “I’m gonna bust…”

“It takes a second to come out…” Tatiana told her. “Especially when I have to go bad. I have to go really bad.”

A little bit spurted out of Hannah. “Eep!” she squeaked, bending over. “Oooh, it’s gonna come out…”

Tatiana sighed as it started to dribble out. Light pattering that was absolute torture for Hannah. “Dude, come on, what!?” she said, jumping around desperately. “You’re, like, barely peeing!”

“Everybody pee’s differently, man. And I told you I had to go really bad! It’s like my muscles are used to holding it in, I gotta warm them up.”

“Ohh my god I’m dyinggg…” she whined and whimpered, unable to find a position that kept her out of immense discomfort. Her eyes started watering. “It hurtsss…” A little more squirted out and she gasped then groaned, gripping herself tightly. Her underwear was warm and wet at the crotch. “Tatiana please…” she muttered, writhing on the spot. “I really can’t hold it in, please…”

“Please what?” she said, laughing. “I’m peeing, dude, what do you want me to do?”

“Pee faster! Push!”

“That’s not good for you.”

“Holding in this much piss is not good for you!” she groaned miserably, frustrated. “Oh my god, my bladder…” She dropped to her knees and dug her heel into her pussy, grinding and trembling. “Are you almost done?”

She didn’t even reply. The pee just kept trickling. A hard spurt came out of Hannah and she practically convulsed her entire body trying to hold it in. She thrust both of her hands into her underwear and squeezed hard.

“Dude, I can see your pubes,” Tatiana teased.

“Shut up…” Hannah muttered in response, forcing herself to her feet and pacing around, madly rubbing and squeezing her bare vagina. Even more piss squirted out directly into her palms and through her fingers, making her yelp and cross her legs tight. Yellow liquid was now streaming down her legs. Her underwear was soaked. “Ahhh-“ she moaned, doubling over and badly trembling. “F-fuck…! I-I’m pissing myself…!” she breathed.

“I’m almost done,” Tatiana said, sounding almost sympathetic. But Hannah’s sphincter was extremely tired, and she was in incredible discomfort. When the next hard, hot spurt forced it’s way into her soggy underwear, she found herself unable to stop it. It staggeringly spurted out, fighting against her straining urethra. Whimpering, and with her hot, golden piss streaming down her legs and splattering to the floor, she frantically stumbled in the direction of the tub. The poor girl slipped in the rapidly growing puddle under her feet and fell on her butt, miserably exclaiming in surprise as her stream reached full force, hissing into her soiled underwear. Her entire lower half was drenched in pee. “Oh, jesus fuck…” she groaned, pissing hard and burying her face in her knees.

Tatiana put her hand on her shoulder. “Don’t feel embarrassed,” she said, “it’s just the alcohol.”

“It’s you!” she snapped, “you made me piss myself! You made me wait forever and then listen to your stupid stream! It’s still going, how is that even possible!?”

“You’re still going, too. That’s pretty impressive.” She lifted her feet so they didn’t touch the growing puddle.

Hannah huffed, seething with frustration. Suddenly, still voiding her very full bladder, she pushed herself up and sat on her friend’s lap.

Tatiana screamed. “Ugh, what the fuck!?” she screamed, shoving a giggling Hannah away from her. Hot piss was streaming down her thighs, down her legs. “You’re disgusting! What’s wrong with you!?” In the struggle, Tatiana managed to push Hannah off and get up, but also slipped and fell in the puddle of urine. Hannah scrambled over and practically jumped on her, drenching her friend in piss.

“I’m gonna throw up, I’m gonna throw up,” she kept repeating, having given up on getting away. She was now sitting frozen, getting pissed on. Finally, after Hannah’s stream tapered off, she cleaned the floor while her friend took a shower. When she was done, she joined her.

“You mad at me?” Hannah asked.

“Yeah.”

“Tough shit, dude. I’m mad at you. You made me piss myself. I think we’re even.”

“Oh, that’s what you think? We are not even,” Tatiana said. “Not even close.”

