Rosie’s About to Explode!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-03-23 20:02

Part One

Rosie sprung out of bed one morning with an uncharacteristic eagerness. She pulled off her night shirt, clasped on a padded bra and pulled a tank top on. She got her tightest pair of faded jeans, the ones that showed off her butt the best. She had to hop around to get them over her butt, bending forward to force to clasp closed around her belly. It hugged her tightly, far too tight for comfort, but today she was dressing for looks.

She went into the bathroom, where her roommate Faye was doing her makeup. “Oh, nice outfit!” she complimented.

Rosie smiled at her. “I have a date,” she said, undoing her pants, pulling them to her knees and sitting down on the toilet.

“Oh? Someone I know?”

“I don’t think so, I met him at the gym,” she said, her morning pee splattering loudly into the bowl.

Faye gave her a weird look. “You talk to guys at the gym?”

She shrugged. “He seemed really nice. Showed me something I was doing wrong, and we kinda hit it off!” She wiped and did a couple little hops to get her jeans back up. “Phew!” she muttered when she clasped them.

She moved next to Faye in the mirror and mercilessly tamed her curly blond hair. She put on a bit more makeup than usual, then sat down in the living room. She unbuttoned her pants so she could relax. Several hours went by, the time of the date rapidly approaching.

“You want some coffee?” Faye called from the kitchen.

“I don’t know if I should drink something that’ll make me more nervous,” she laughed, tapping her feet.

“Aw, come on! I’m trying a new mix. Just have some water with it. It’ll dilute in your belly.”

“Hm. Alright,” she turned around and sat on her knees, facing her friend. “What kind of mix?”

“The one… Uhh, this one,” she held up the bag. “I’ll bring it to you.”

A couple minutes later, Rosie had a tall, hot coffee in one hand, and a water bottle in the other. “It’s really good,” she said, finishing it pretty quickly. It was only a matter of time before the water bottle was gone, too. About an hour went by before it was time to leave. “Okay,” she said, finally clasping her constrictive jeans, “wish me luck. I’m about to go meet him for drinks.”

“Keep me updated!” Faye called as her friend left the apartment.

It was only a few block’s walk to the restaurant, dimly lit by the setting sun. On the way there, she felt a slight urge to urinate. Most likely the coffee, but it could also be her nerves. She showed her ID and was seated at a tall table in a dimly lit lounge, handed a menu of cocktails, and was told there’d be live music shortly. After about ten minutes of waiting, sipping a glass of ice water, she felt a tap on her shoulder.

“Drew!” she greeted.

“Rose!” He hugged her. He smelled like aftershave and weed. “How’re you doing? Was the drive alright?”

“I actually just walked! I live right up the road, basically.”

He sat down and looked around. “So you come here a lot?”

“Sometimes. I like the jazz bands. Super chill.”

“Super chill indeed. What’re you drinking?”

“I was thinking on this,” she pointed to a drink on the menu, “but it’s a lot to drink. Plus, I thought the alcohol content might be a little high…”

Drew waved his hand dismissively. “I can drive you home if you need me to. Get whatever you want!”

She shrugged. “Alright.”

The date went pretty well. They found a shared interest in exotic pets. Rosie ended up having two of those drinks and then some. Then, something on the wall caught her eye.

She gasped. “The fireworks show was tonight!? We should have totally went to see that instead!”

Drew turned to look. Then he checked his phone. “It’s not too late! Not if we left right now! What do you think?”

She turned her eyes to the many empty glasses on her table. “You okay to drive?”

“Absolutely! Come on, let’s go!”

He tossed down a bunch of cash haphazardly, then grabbed her hand and led her out. It made her heart skip a beat. Something about his devil-may-care demeanor was really drawing her closer, but she really would have liked to hit the ladies room before they left. That slight urge to pee had grown to a definite need, an uncomfortable sensation made worse by her constrictive pants. She figured she could wait until they got there.

He had a nice car. It had that new car smell. Although they conversed the whole way there, the many drinks she had made her need to pee rapidly increase. She crossed her legs tightly, tapping her feet and jiggling. “So, have you ever had an exotic pet?” she asked.

“No, I just like the idea of it. My cousin had a monkey. Dedicated an entire room for him. The problem is, a lot of those animals need things we can’t give them. It’s kind of inhumane to keep them as pets.”

“Yeah, I hear you,” she crossed her legs the other way, pulling her waistband away from her swelling bladder. “How far are we from the pier?”

“‘Bout fifteen minutes. The light show starts at seven.”

It was 6:30. “We’re barely gonna make it. We gotta walk all the way there…”

“We’ll make it,” he reassured. “You wanna listen to some music?”

He put the radio on, causing Rosie to retreat inside her head a bit. It definitely wasn’t an emergency, but she had to pee pretty badly. By the time they got there, she was fidgeting around in her seat, rubbing her thighs together when they weren’t crossed. Pulling into a parking spot, she was really antsy. Plus, her pants fit so tightly around her waist that she could tell it was going to leave reddish marks on her skin. It squished her belly, and subsequently her full bladder, intensifying her urge to pee.

“Come on, let’s hurry!” Drew said, shutting the car off.

“My thoughts exactly,” she gave herself a discreet squeeze as she got out, ready to rush to the potty the moment she could. They walked briskly down to the pier, a pretty romantic moonlit walk, albeit somewhat rushed. As soon as they got there, the first firework went off. “Whoa,” she said as it exploded mid-air. It wasn’t enough to distract her from how badly she had to urinate. She shifted her weight side to side, kicking her feet behind her. Suddenly, Drew pulled her close and she had to stifle her squirming. It wasn’t easy to do. Her urge was growing by the minute.

*003*2023-03-25 06:19

Part Two

It went on for a lot longer than she thought it would. She pressed her legs together tightly, pulling her button away from her belly, urgency radiating through her bottom half. There was some fidgeting she couldn’t keep from doing. She just had to go so badly. Coffee, water, and alcohol was all working together, encouraging her to break the seal. The last firework combusted, and the silence thereafter told them it was over.

“Did you like it?” Drew asked.

“Yes!” she said, looking up at him before she pulled away. “I just have to use the little girls room!” They walked down the pier toward the parking lot, where two porta potties stood. With every step, her full bladder pulsated with the need to be emptied. As they neared it, the sight of an obscenely long queue made them stop dead in their tracks. “Jesus!” she exclaimed. “W-Would you mind stopping by somewhere else?”

“To be honest, I was kind of hoping we could go for a walk on the beach.”

Rosie’s heart melted. She didn’t want to miss out on that just to pee. “Well… I can wait. That sounds nice.”

“We’ll come back for ‘em.” He flashed a smile at her, grabbing her hand and leading her down to the sand. They walked slowly along the shore, talking and laughing. The water lapped at the ground beside them, reminding her of what she had to do, but she did her best to keep her mind off of it. By now, her bladder was really full, pulsing with each step with the need to be emptied, squished by her choice of clothing. Luckily, they were walking, so her squirming was minimal and hard to detect, but it was rapidly becoming an issue she couldn’t ignore. Waves of discomfort were coming and going, making her want to hold herself and dance around.

Suddenly, she pulled away from him. “I’m sorry, I’m having a lot of fun, but I… really have to go.”

He looked hurt. “Go?”

“Not leave! I mean… I have to pee.” She bobbed up and down as she said it, but she wanted to hop around and squeeze her crotch. She needed to urinate so badly she could hardly keep from doing it.

“Oh,” he chuckled, punching her lightly on the arm. “Well, come on. Maybe we could grab a bite to eat before the night’s over, too.” They walked back to the facilities, all the while Rosie was fighting her body not to break out in an embarrassing display of desperation. When they got there, her jaw dropped at the sight of them.

“Did it get longer!?”

“Let’s just go somewhere else,” Drew said. “Maybe we could grab a bite to eat.”

By the time they got back to the parking lot, her back teeth were swimming. It seemed they left just in time. She was at the point of being unable to stop herself from doing a pee dance. They approached the car and she pulled on the handle impatiently, wiping perspiration from her forehead and marching in place. Drew was looking for his keys for what seemed like forever.

“Uhh, well…” he said, “this is awkward.”

“What?” she asked nervously, stepping side to side.

He clicked his tongue. “Think I locked the keys in the car.”

Rosie’s heart dropped. “You’re kidding.”

“There’s a spare key at my apartment, and I’ve got some friends I can call…” he said, pulling out his phone.

“I can call my roommate!” she hurriedly said, taking note of the dark parking lot and lack of people she knew well.

“Alright. I’m really sorry.”

“It’s okay!” she said, squirming on the spot as she looked through her contacts. She called Faye and leaned against the car, bouncing on her heels and fiddling with her jeans button.

“Hello?”

“Faye!” Rosie greeted.

“Are you okay? What’s going on?”

“I’m fine! Drew just… We locked the keys in the car and we need a ride somewhere.” She lowered her voice. “Preferably soon? I’m about to pee my pants!”

“Yeah, I got you. I just got out of the shower. Send me your location, I’ll be there soon.”

“Okay,” she said breathlessly, a wave of urgency washing over her.

“She’s coming?” Drew asked.

“Yeah,” Rosie strained to keep her voice steady, her overfull bladder contracting, trying to force out the large volume of urine inside of it. She danced on the spot and squeezed her crotch, wincing and holding her breath. It all came to an immediate halt when she noticed Drew coming around the side of the car.

“I know I sound like a broken record, but I am really, truly, very sorry.”

“It’s okay! It’s just an accident,” she said, stepping around, uncomfortably aware of her choice of words. “Could have happened to anyone. I’ve done it myself a few times.”

“Hey, uhh…” he pointed to her antsy legs. “You okay?”

Her cheeks burned pink. She tried to stop dancing, but she couldn’t. It was starting to feel like she was actually going to wet herself. “I, uh,” she giggled nervously. “I really need to pee, man. I’ve had to pee since the jazz club.”

“Oh, man, that was like an hour and a half ago! Why didn’t you say anything?”

She furrowed her brow. “I… did.”

“Well, you did, but I didn’t know it was… Look, I know the porta potty line is pretty crazy, but I can keep watch while you pop a squat somewhere. This place isn’t all that crowded.”

“What!? I’ve never done anything like that in my life!”

He gave her a weird look. “Really? Never?”

“What, is that an uncommon thing?” She lurched forward, her bladder sending urgent pangs of discomfort. “Mmph!”

“Well, I don’t know, I was just covering all bases. I guess you could hold it, if you’re more comfortable that way.”

Rosie wasn’t comfortable. In fact, she was exceedingly uncomfortable. The poor thing felt like she was about to explode. Her face was red as a tomato, embarrassed about her squirming and fidgeting, but she didn’t have a choice. The times where she stifled her potty dance were the most uncomfortable. It only got worse as they waited, to the point where she was genuinely worried about having an accident. She held her breath to keep from whining as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, pulling her waistband away from her belly and squeezing her groin intermittently. Her jeans button painfully dug into her bloated bladder, which would be bulging out if it wasn’t being strangled around the middle.

*004*2023-03-25 19:31

Part Three

“Oh man,” she said worriedly, shaking her hands at her sides. “Where is she?”

“Hey, it’s okay,” Drew reassured. “It’s not too late to find a bush.”

“I can’t!” She leaned on her knees, swaying her butt side to side. “Ooh, I have to go…”

”Do you want to go check the line at the porta potties?”

”I don’t want all those people to… see me fidgeting,” she chuckled nervously. “But maybe.”

Drew hesitated. “I have something that might distract you,” he said. “I don’t know if you… partake in this sort of thing. I was gonna break it out if we went to one of our houses, but seeing as we’re just standing around…” He pulled a joint out of his shirt pocket.

She held her hands in between her thighs. “You’ve had that this whole time?”

“Do you mind? I want you to tell me if you aren’t comfortable, you know? The last thing I wanna do is…”

“No, I mean, I smoke all the time, it’s just…” she cringed and balled her hands into fists at her side, crossing her legs and sticking her butt out. “This is not how I imaged tonight would go,” she laughed.

“Yeah, I’m really sorry about the keys…”

“I kinda meant…” she trailed off, dancing and jiggling with her hands held in front of her crotch.

“Oh. Right. Well,” he lit the joint, took a puff, and handed it over. “May as well keep your mind off it.”

“Thanks,” she muttered, taking it. She needed to pee so badly she couldn’t think. She started pacing around, pulling her pants up to dig the fabric into her crotch. She handed the joint back to him and turned away from him, squeezing her crotch. “I gotta go so bad…”

“There’s plenty of spots around here,” Drew said. “It’s too dark to see.”

Her bladder contracted, causing her to jolt and squirm to keep from leaking. “Ooh-“ she squeaked, fidgeting crazily on the spot.

“I wish I could do something,” he said, handing the joint to her. It was nearing the end of it, and they were both feeling pretty good.

“It’s okay,” she said, her voice strained. She opened her mouth in a silent scream and lurched forward as discomfort rippled through her body. She couldn’t remember a time when she had to pee so badly. “D-Drew, I think… I think I might want to pop a squat somewhere, if you still wanted to keep watch…”

He didn’t respond. She gave him a weird look before she noticed his worried face, looking shocked at something behind her. She turned around to see an unamused cop standing with his arms folded. “Oh, shit…” she muttered, joint in hand.

“I could smell it all the way down to the beach,” he said. “You know, there’s kids around here?”

Rosie was stepping madly in place, pressing her thighs together, but trying to keep from grabbing her crotch like she wanted. “I’m so sorry, we didn’t think anyone would be over here, we just-“

“You didn’t think there’d be anyone around here after the lightshow?”

She looked around helplessly at the nearly empty parking lot. “I just meant…”

Drew stepped in. “Look, officer, it isn’t even hers. It’s mine. I-“

“Looks like it’s both of yours to me,” he said. “Why don’t you turn around for me?”

He looked at him blankly, comprehending what he said. “W-What-“

“Turn around,” he repeated plainly. The cop clicked a pair of cuffs on Drew and told him to lean against the car.

“Oh, man!” Rosie exclaimed, “it’s just one joint!”

“You too,” he motioned with his fingers. In a moment, her hands were bound tightly behind her. She gritted her teeth and danced in place, bladder bursting, unable to hold herself or stop squirming. “Are we under arrest?” she asked.

“Not yet,” he said. “This your car?”

“It’s mine,” Drew said. The cop read the license plate, muttered something into his walkie, and there was another officer there momentarily. They stood there talking to each other.

“Oh my goddd…” Rosie groaned, exceptionally uncomfortable. She needed to urinate so urgently.

“I’m so sorry, Rose,” Drew said again.

“Not your fault…” she choked, cringing at the insane pressure against her sphincter. She gasped as her overstretched organ contracted once again, the sensation reaching an almost unbearable intensity as it managed to squirt some pee into her underwear. She danced and writhed, even jumping on the spot, trying anything to keep all of her urine inside of her.

“You okay?” he asked.

“I-I…” she doubled over, gyrating her hips. “I’ve never had to pee so bad in my whole life!” she blurted out breathlessly.

“Hey, man,” Drew said to the cops. “She has to use the bathroom.”

“She can wait,” one of them said.

“She really has to go!”

Rosie groaned inwardly, embarrassed to have her date pleading for the toilet on her behalf. She was absolutely dying. Her waistband was mercilessly crushing her ever-expanding organ, intensifying the utter agony of her situation. Her bladder was screaming. Her kidneys ached. She was worried she was doing real damage. As another pang of urgency wracked her body, she spurted into her undies once again, this time unable to stifle a whine as she twisted her trembling legs up like a pretzel to stop the flow.

That’s when Faye pulled up. “What’s going on!?” she exclaimed, jumping out of the car. “Are you okay?”

She nodded, but it wasn’t true. The poor thing was on the verge of a complete accident.

“What are you doing?” she asked the cops accusatorially.

“Who are you?” one of them replied.

“I’m their friend, what are you doing?”

“Your friends were caught with…”

As Faye argued with the officers, Rosie retreated into herself, focusing completely on not pissing herself. “Hnngh-“ she whimpered, shaking like a leaf. Tears started to well up in her eyes. Her screaming bladder cramped, sending a jet of piss into her underwear for a couple of seconds. Hands tied behind her back, she doubled over and nearly fell to her knees, tears streaming down her beet-red face.

Next to her, the cop released Drew’s handcuffs. “You guys are getting off with a warning,” he said. “If you’ve got to so it, try not to do it in such a public place next time.”

“Understood, officer,” Drew replied.

Rosie was standing with her legs pressed tightly together, every muscle in her body tightly strained to keep from pissing. It felt like the slightest movement would make her lose control. The cop pulled her by the arm to face her back toward him and she gasped, freezing in place, feeling her urethra relax and let a hot torrent of piss out into her pants. Warmth rapidly spread from her crotch and down her thighs before he had even unclasped the cuffs.

“Alright, you folks stay safe… tonight…” the cop trailed off as he noticed what was happening. The desperate girl cupped her hands over her mouth in shock, unable to stop urinating.

“Will do, sir,” Drew replied. “Hey, Rose, you ready to-“

As her pee reached all the way down to the cuffs of her jeans, they heard nothing but the sound of hissing and splattering. The euphoric sensation of her bladder finally draining was countered by a humiliation so intense it made her shudder.

“Uh- m-my name’s Drew!” he suddenly said.

“Nice to meet you! I’m Faye!” they forced conversation, apparently pretending not to have noticed the obvious accident unfold before them. It went on for so long. She couldn’t believe how much liquid she had been holding inside her. She didn’t know it was physically possible. It filled her shoes, forming a massive, foaming puddle under her feet that streaming away from her to an impressive distance.

The torrential pressure of her piss stream finally started to slow. Steam rose off of her soiled jeans, the aroma of hot urine filling the air. She started to cry. The conversation behind her died off. Suddenly, someone had their hand on her shoulder.

“Rosie,” Faye said gently, “it’s okay.”

“Yeah, it isn’t your fault,” Drew said.

She was still peeing gently into her pants. She didn’t know what to say.

“I got a blanket in my car for you to sit on,” Faye continued. “We’ll drop Drew off, and… And we’ll get you cleaned up, okay?”

She had never felt so embarrassed. She couldn’t look at either of them as she walked awkwardly to the car, her pee stream finally tapering off halfway there.

“You oughta go take a swim in the ocean,” Drew joked, trying to lighten the mood. It was a silent, awkward car ride with the windows down and the radio on. As Drew got out, he looked at Rosie. “I’ll text you, okay? I know tonight didn’t really go as planned, but… I had fun. I hope you did too.”

She didn’t even look up. As they pulled up to their apartment building, Faye broke the silence. “He seemed nice,” she said.

“Past tense,” she said finally. “I don’t think he’s gonna call me after this.”

“Don’t say that! You never know.”

She buried her head in her hands. “I can’t believe this. I can’t even imagine a worse way for a date to go. We almost get arrested, and then I pee myself because there’s like two fucking porta potties on that entire beach...”

“Hey, come on, you need a shower.”

She went bow-legged up to her apartment. She took her sopping wet shoes and socks off outside the door. In the bathroom, she skinned her urine-soaked jeans and underwear off, wet them under the shower, and dropped them in the hamper. Her butt and inner thighs were red and irritated, a little itchy. When she got out of the shower, there was a text from Drew of a single heart emoji.

