Space omorashi adventure

Author: Quasar

*000*2025-01-08 17:53

CHAPTER 1 Captain Jane Thornton's Hard Morning.

"Pulse" was one of the newest space research vessels equipped with an experimental quantum distortion engine capable of breaking the light barrier. Artificial gravity was maintained inside the ship, creating an illusion of normal Earth life, allowing all scientists to walk and work comfortably. The crew consisted of twelve people, each a specialist in their field.

Captain Jane Thornton was the embodiment of military elegance. At thirty-five, she maintained excellent physical condition - tall (about 175 cm) and lean, with developed musculature built through years of training and maintained by regular sessions in the ship's gym. Her posture remained impeccably straight, making her appear even taller in others' eyes.

Jane's face had aristocratic features: high cheekbones, a straight nose, and clearly defined lips that rarely smiled during duty. Her storm-colored eyes were framed by long lashes, and above her right eyebrow was a thin scar - a memory from a training flight during her academy days.

Her hair was particularly striking - silver-ash colored, cut short, with a perfect style that accentuated her face's oval shape. This unusual color was the result of early graying that began at twenty-five, but Jane never tried to hide it, considering it her distinguishing feature.

The captain's uniform fit her perfectly, emphasizing her slim figure. Captain's insignia and several awards for outstanding achievements in space exploration gleamed on her chest. On her right wrist, she wore an old-fashioned mechanical watch - a family heirloom passed down by her father, also a former captain.

Despite her natural beauty, Thornton barely used makeup, allowing herself only light moisturizer, necessary in the constantly filtered ship's air. Her skin was fair but healthy, characteristic of people spending most of their lives on spaceships.

One morning, Captain Jane Thornton was reviewing ship systems reports on the holographic screen of her command chair. Her fingers quickly scrolled through pages of data as she analyzed engine and life support indicators. A third cup of morning coffee stood nearly empty on the armrest - the usual start to another day aboard the research vessel "Pulse."

She first felt a slight tingling in her lower abdomen somewhere in the middle of the chief engineer's report. Jane automatically adjusted her uniform collar and continued reading, ignoring her body's signals. Years of military training had taught her to concentrate on the task, pushing personal needs aside.

"Captain, trajectory calculations are ready," Zane's voice, her navigator, distracted her from reading. Thornton nodded, switching the screen to navigation data. By this point, the pressure in her lower abdomen had become more noticeable, but she merely shifted slightly in her chair, focusing on the numbers.

She spent the next half hour coordinating new course details with the science team who needed access to specific data. The discomfort gradually increased, and now every movement in the chair was accompanied by a sharp reminder of her full bladder. Usually, she took a bathroom break right after this meeting, but this time she was significantly delayed. Dr. Tanaka was defending her xenobotany research and demanding a course deviation to check out a new planet where she could find necessary data. The urge to use the bathroom was rapidly increasing, Jane was tapping her feet under the table and desperately wanted to give Tanaka whatever she wanted, just so this meeting would end and she could release her long stream of urine. She was about to call for a break when the ship's sensors suddenly detected an approaching asteroid field.

"Estimated time to entering dangerous zone - three minutes," Zane reported.

Damn. Thornton clenched her teeth. Zane was still quite green - this was his first assignment, and their main pilot was currently in the medical bay with a broken leg. This meant she had to take control of the ship during such complications. The moment for personal needs was hopelessly lost. She straightened in her chair, feeling a wave of urgent need course through her body. She had to guide the ship through the asteroid field, and every second of delay increased the risk.

"All stations - battle stations," her voice sounded firm, though inside she was starting to panic. "Shields at maximum. Prepare for maneuvering."

She felt increasing pressure in her lower abdomen - the morning coffee was reminding her of itself at the most inopportune moment. The three cups of strong coffee she'd drunk during the morning briefing now seemed an unforgivable mistake.

"Sector two-four-seven requires course correction," reported Zane, his fingers flying over the holographic navigation panel.

At any other time, Jane would have noted how well and calmly Zane was handling himself despite never being in such situations before, but now her thoughts were only about how badly she needed the bathroom. She squeezed her knees together under the control console, trying to maintain an impassive expression. Every movement sent a wave of discomfort rippling through her body. She felt the muscles in her lower abdomen involuntarily contracting, fighting against the growing pressure. The captain squirmed in her chair, trying to find a position that would bring even slight relief.

"Large asteroid on the port side!" Zane warned.

Thornton sharply turned the ship, avoiding collision. The sudden maneuver caused her bladder to painfully contract, and she bit her lip for a moment. A wave of urgent need passed through her entire body, making her hold her breath for a fraction of a second. Sweat appeared on her temples, and she felt a cold shiver run down her spine. Twenty minutes. She needed to hold on for just twenty minutes until they passed through this field.

Each second stretched into eternity. Jane sat unnaturally straight, focusing on breathing. She carefully counted inhales and exhales, trying to distract herself from the pulsing sensation in her lower abdomen. Her trained mind split: one part fully controlled the ship's operation, the second waged a constant battle with her own body. Beads of sweat rolled down her neck, and she felt her damp uniform sticking to her back - the result of not only physical strain but also intense internal struggle.

The sharp maneuvers were especially difficult. Each time they had to dodge an asteroid, the artificial gravity slightly lagged, creating additional pressure on her bladder. Jane had learned to anticipate these moments, slightly tensing her muscles a second before the maneuver, but this required extra concentration and during each such maneuver she was terrified of losing control and not holding back the stream of urine.

"Captain, trajectory calculation complete," Zane's voice seemed distant. "Twelve more minutes until we exit the field."

Jane only nodded, not trusting her voice. She crossed her ankles, invisible to the crew, and rocked slightly in her chair, disguising the movement as a reaction to turbulence. Her fingers gripped the controls tighter, knuckles white from tension.

Each heartbeat echoed in her full bladder, creating an agonizing rhythm that became increasingly difficult to fight.

A bright flash on the right caught her attention - two asteroids collided, creating a new field of debris. Thornton instinctively jerked the wheel, steering the ship away from danger, and immediately regretted this sudden movement. A wave of such strong need washed over her that her vision momentarily darkened. She bit the inside of her cheek, using pain as an anchor to maintain concentration.

When the last asteroid was behind them, Thornton forced herself to count to thirty, checking if the path was truly clear. These were the longest thirty seconds of her life, her entire body was simply bursting. Her thighs trembled from tension, and her mouth was dry. Only after a complete check did she transfer control to Zane and, trying not to rush, left the bridge.

She tried to walk calmly and confidently, but each step took tremendous effort, every movement required complete body control.

Only when the turbolift doors closed behind her did Jane allow herself to lean against the wall, and her hands immediately shot to her crotch, helping her hold on. Standing still was impossible, she jumped and rubbed between her legs. "I'm going to pee myself, pee myself, pee myself" - her brain kept repeating. Forty agonizing seconds remained until her quarters...

And then Jane felt control beginning to slip away. A warm trickle treacherously slid down her inner thigh, and panic clouded her mind. Years of training and self-discipline could no longer contain physiology. She bit her lip painfully, trying to regain control and tried to grip herself even tighter.

"Computer, accelerate lift," she forced out. The turbolift barely noticeably increased speed, but each second felt like eternity.

When the doors finally opened, Thornton managed through willpower to pull her hands from her crotch and even straighten up, but still, almost running, rushed down the residential section corridor. Her perfectly polished uniform boots clattered against the metal floor, echoing off the walls. A new trickle ran down her leg, and Jane felt moisture beginning to soak through her uniform pants.

Suddenly Dr. Tanaka appeared around the corner. Jane slowed her pace, trying to preserve remnants of dignity. Her face burned, and cold sweat streamed down her back.

"Captain, I wanted to discuss..." Yuki began, but Thornton just shook her head, not stopping.

"Later, doctor," she forced through clenched teeth, feeling a new wave of desperation washing over her.

Only fifteen meters remained to her quarters. Jane could already see the access panel at her door when the ship slightly shook - apparently, the aftermath of passing through the asteroid field was still affecting the gravitational stabilizers' operation. This slight jolt proved enough. She felt herself losing the last remnants of control and practically threw herself at her quarters' door.

The biometric scanner seemed to work endlessly long, reading her fingerprint. Thornton shifted from foot to foot, feeling warm moisture already clearly showing on her uniform. Finally, the door hissed open...

The door finally opened, and Jane literally flew inside. "Close! Full isolation!" she shouted, breaking into a run through the living area straight to the coveted bathroom door. But these last meters proved insurmountable. A hot wave gushed down her legs, soaking her uniform pants when she was just one step from her goal.

Thornton froze, leaning against the wall and closing her eyes. Warm liquid flowed into her boots, forming a small puddle on the floor. Her shoulders trembled - from relief, shame, and exhaustion simultaneously. After so many hours of holding, every muscle in her body ached from tension.

After standing like this for several minutes, Jane finally took a deep breath and straightened up. She slowly unbuttoned and removed her wet uniform, wincing at the unpleasant sensation of damp fabric. Captain Thornton had spent countless hours on the bridge, maneuvered through asteroid fields and quantum storms, but this day would remain in her memory as one of the most exhausting in her entire career.

"Computer, initiate floor cleaning and disinfection," she commanded, heading to the shower. Hot water streams washed away not only physical traces of what happened but also the emotional tension of the last hours. Under the sound of water, Jane allowed herself to laugh quietly - even captains sometimes lose battles, the main thing is that none of the crew would ever know about this little incident.

Later, already changed into a fresh uniform, she sat at her desk and opened the captain's log: "Stardate 2475.3. Successfully navigated an unexpected asteroid field in sector..."

*001*2025-01-14 19:58

Chapter 2 Zane in an open space

Zane was young, only about twenty-five, but already seemed older due to the constant focus in his eyes. Though the ship's crew still considered him a child. His lean, almost angular body resembled an arrow ready to fly from a drawn bowstring. Of medium height with long arms, he moved quickly and abruptly, as if energy was always boiling inside him with no outlet. Zane had a face with soft, slightly elongated features that emphasized his youthful naivety.

In the cramped preparation compartment, he sat motionless while technicians methodically checked every inch of his spacesuit. Time was running short before the spacewalk. Soon this white cocoon would become his only protection from the merciless vacuum. After passing through the asteroid field this morning, he noticed something was damaged in the ship's navigation system. Usually Michael - their experienced astronaut and his cabin mate - would handle this, but Zane had long been asking Captain Torrenton for a chance to do a spacewalk, and with this malfunction being in his area of expertise, she approved.

"To success!" The clinking of tea mugs echoed through the cramped space station compartment. Zane and his colleagues gathered before the upcoming spacewalk. Tradition is tradition - even if it's hot tea instead of champagne, since alcohol was strictly forbidden on the ship.

"Don't overdo it with liquids," astronaut Michael Carter smirked. "Trust my experience."

"Come on, there's still two hours until the walk," Zane waved him off, taking a big sip. "Besides, what kind of cosmonaut doesn't drink tea?"

"Youngsters! Your call," Michael shrugged, smiling meaningfully. "First walk is special. Everything should be perfect."

Zane reached for the thermos, pouring himself more tea. Nervousness before the first walk required keeping his hands busy. The third cup went down as easily as the first two.

Now he hated his two-hours-ago self and Michael, who hadn't explicitly explained to his thick head why he shouldn't drink so much. He felt a drop of sweat slowly rolling down his temple. It wasn't exactly hot in the spacesuit - the cooling system was working properly - but he desperately needed to use the bathroom. "Don't think about it," he mentally ordered himself, but his traitorous body seemed to only intensify the urges. It was too late to say anything now; putting on the spacesuit was a very long and complicated process, technicians had been fussing around him for about an hour already, he couldn't just tell them - now take it off, I'll go pee, and we'll start all over. Everyone already considers him a child here. He could forget about the spacewalk. When would he get such a chance again?

Zane closed his eyes and began remembering his path to this moment. Ten years of preparation, thousands of hours of training, endless medical checks. And here he is, thousands of kilometers from home, preparing for what he'd dreamed of since childhood, fighting with the most prosaic of human needs.

"Communications check. Zane, do you hear me?" Jane's voice pulled him from his thoughts.

"Connection stable, hearing you well," he replied, trying to make his voice sound confident rather than strained.

"Don't worry," she encouraged him, "we've got your back if anything happens."

"What can you do if I wet myself in the spacesuit," he wanted to groan, but only said:

"Thank you, Captain!"

Silence again. Just the sound of ventilation and quiet humming of instruments. And the pulsing desire to visit the bathroom, which seemed to intensify with each minute. "Astronauts don't pee in their suits," he reminded himself. Zane began mentally repeating the sequence of actions he needed to perform, trying to distract himself from the obsessive thoughts about his full bladder.

Time dragged agonizingly slowly. Zane wiggled his fingers in the spacesuit gloves, checking joint mobility. He remembered his first instructor's words: "There are no small details in space. Every check is your life." These words seemed particularly ironic now.

He imagined how the airlock would open, how the majestic panorama of stars and galaxies would unfold before him. He had seen this moment thousands of times in his dreams, but reality, he knew, would be completely different. And now these dreams strangely intertwined with thoughts of simple earthly conveniences.

"Five minutes until depressurization procedure begins," the flight director announced.

Zane smiled. He was ready. Ready to meet his destiny in the vast expanse of space. And even his full bladder couldn't dim the greatness of this moment. After all, he thought, this too was a test of endurance.

"Two minutes to depressurization."

The first step into the void was like jumping into a bottomless ocean. Silence crashed over him - absolute, ringing, broken only by his own breathing and the quiet hum of the suit systems. Zane felt his heart pounding somewhere in his throat, while an increasingly insistent pressure pulsed in his lower abdomen. Every movement, every turn brought a new wave of discomfort.

He tried to focus on the amazing view of space, shimmering in all shades of blue, but his traitorous body stubbornly reminded him of itself. Particularly torturous was how the fluid in his body distributed differently in zero gravity, creating some new, completely unfamiliar sensation of fullness.

Each time he grabbed the handrails, his abdominal muscles tensed, triggering a new wave of urges. Zane tried to find a body position where the pressure wouldn't be so strong, but in the massive spacesuit this proved practically impossible. Especially torturous was that he couldn't even cross his legs or grab himself, as he would on Earth. He tried to rub against the inside of the suit but couldn't manage it.

Working with the navigation system, he caught his reflection in the polished surface of the station and almost physically felt his bladder seemingly growing with each minute. Any movement, any turn brought a new wave of urgent signals from his body. Fortunately, his work was completely straightforward and he performed it entirely automatically, because the only thing he could think about was how painfully, strongly, terribly, urgently he needed to pee.

Maintaining stillness during precise work was especially difficult. When he needed to fix his position for tightening bolts, each second of delay brought a new spasm. Sweat ran down his face not so much from physical exertion as from the constant struggle with his own body.

Worst of all was how everything felt different in zero gravity. Pressure that would be merely unpleasant on Earth transformed into a special form of torture here. Every movement, every breath brought a new wave of urges, and the impossibility of doing something so simple and natural turned the majestic moment of his first spacewalk into an elaborate test.

Finally, he finished. He couldn't believe his luck - now he'd return to the ship, get out of this horrible thing, and finally be able to pee. He cast a last glance at space, hoping to imprint in his mind not just the terrible need to relieve himself, but also the beauty of the moment. It didn't work; his body wasn't just screaming - it was yelling at him to hurry back.

He boarded the ship and then came a new stage of this agony - the ship's artificial gravity activated, which, unfamiliar after half an hour in zero gravity, immediately dropped him. He fell to his knees and his hands instantly went to his groin, though he couldn't help himself hold through the spacesuit. Technicians immediately approached and helped him up. Somehow he managed to hold on. The technicians worked at their standard pace, but to Zane, it seemed they were deliberately slowing down the process; he couldn't stand still, constantly shaking in place.

"How was the flight?" asked the captain.

"Great," Zane said through clenched teeth. Jane was clearly surprised - he had been so looking forward to this flight, and now the usually talkative Zane only says "great"? But she didn't say anything.

The final minutes of removing the spacesuit turned into real torture. Zane shifted from foot to foot while technicians disconnected the fasteners. Each movement brought a new wave of spasms, making him clench his muscles. Sweat ran down his face - partly from tension, partly from knowing he had to hold on for a few more minutes.

"Stand still, Zane," the technician requested, trying to deal with a particularly stubborn fastener.

"Trying," he forced through his teeth, but his knees were treacherously shaking. Slight swaying had turned into obvious dancing. He felt as if his bladder had filled his entire lower abdomen, pulsing through every nerve. As soon as they freed his arm, he instinctively grabbed himself. He didn't care if they teased him or thought him childish, but at least he'd make it to the toilet. The technician smirked but said nothing.

Finally, the last fastener gave way. Not waiting for help, Zane literally tumbled out of the spacesuit. His movements were sharp, jerky - his whole body was tense trying to hold on. He took the first step and immediately doubled over when a new wave of urgency hit him.

He tried to move as quickly as possible, but each step brought a new spasm. He had to stop every few meters, squeezing his legs together and trying to maintain control over his own body.

"Hold it, hold it, hold it," he whispered to himself like a mantra. The last meters to the bathroom seemed endless.

Finally reaching it, he ran into the cabin he shared with Michael and rushed to the bathroom. He pulled the handle and... no. No. NOOO. It was occupied.

With one hand holding himself, Zane pounded on the door.

"Michael, come out!"

"Just a minute," he replied.

"NO! Come out now!" Zane shouted, jumping by the door. "I've been holding it for hours, please!" he whimpered.

"Ok, ok!" Michael replied with a slight chuckle and flushed the toilet. At this sound, everything inside Zane contracted and he felt like he was starting to leak. Finally, the door opened and Michael calmly walked out.

With his last strength, Zane ran into the stall and not even bothering to close the door, pulled out his member which in that same second hit the metal toilet with a powerful stream.

God, finally! The urine poured out with loud hissing, leaving small drops on the toilet rim.

"Well, I did warn you," said Michael from behind the door.

