Dany and Evan Part Two: Accidents at a Party

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-07-14 00:28

Dany sat in the passenger seat of Evan's brand new car. He was so excited, he couldn't shut up about it. Dany smiled and nodded, but had her mind on other things, like how uncomfortable the ugly shirt she was wearing was, or how her ugly skirt was too short. She had to borrow clothes from her sister when she forgot to do her laundry, and now she's going to her first high school party dressed as a cheerleader.

Dany shifted her legs. She needed to pee really badly. She was fanning her legs as discreetly as she could. For some reason, Evan wouldn't stop at a gas station when she asked, just saying there was a bathroom at the party. It wasn't like him to be so impatient, but she shrugged it off as excitement.

He was driving slowly for someone who just got a new car. Maybe he was scared to damage it? Dany crossed her legs, but then quickly uncrossed them when her skirt fell and revealed the side of her butt. She pulled down on the skirt and held herself for a second. She needed a toilet soon.

Evan parked on the side of the street. Dany got out of the car immediately and danced in place waiting for him.

"Evan, what are you doing? Hurry up!"

"I'm trying to find my phone, I'll be right there."

"I'm not going in by myself, I don't know anyone here! I've never met Adam, these are your friends." And plus, I still need to pee really bad, she thought.

Evan finally got out of the car and they made their way to the house. He wanted to take advantage of Dany's bladder, and hopefully see her desperate again tonight. They entered the house.

"Okay, where's the bathroom here, cuz I really have to---"

"David!" Evan cut her off. Definitely not yet, he thought. "Come here, this is my best friend Dany."

A boy taller than Evan with a shaved head and tan skin approached. "Hey, what's up? I'm David."

"Hey," Dany said, feigning a smile.

"Come over here, everyone cool is at the coffee table." He sat her down next to a blond girl with winged eyeliner. Dany was offered a shot glass of a dark, red liquid. She took it. "This is alcohol?" she asked. The girl nodded.

Dany got nervous, but it was a party after all. She downed the glass, then had a coughing fit.

"Oh my god, it's her first time!" the blond girl laughed, "we HAVE to get her drunk!"

"No no, I'm fine, that was enough, really."

"Here, have this one!" someone else said, and handed her a shot glass half filled with a pale yellow liquid. It tasted awful. Evan stood and watched, laughing with everyone else. He saw David glance under her skirt when she drank something else and burned with anger. He turned and left.

He met with his friend Kyle.

"I'm about to leave," he said, "I met this girl and we were about to go upstairs but Adam won't let anyone up there. I'm waiting for her to use the bathroom so we can leave."

Evan thought about Dany not being able to get into the bathroom. "You can just use the bathroom for privacy, dude," said Evan, "go wait in line with her." Kyle smiled, said 'good idea,' and left.

Twenty minutes passed and Dany was a drunk and dizzy.

"Hey, where's Evan?" she asked, "I'm gonna go find Evan." When she stood, she almost fell. She went around the house looking for him. A throbbing in her bladder reminded her that she needed to pee. She asked someone where the restroom was and she was pointed down the hallway. There was a line five people long, so she went outside and checked for Evan in the backyard, but it was dark and empty. A sudden pang of desperation hit in her bladder. She danced around and held herself for a minute not knowing what to do. She went back inside the house and asked around if there was a second bathroom.

"Yeah, upstairs, but you can't go up there," they told her, "Adam said."

The pain in Dany's bladder was pulsating. Everything she drank caught up with her quick. She went to the bathroom line, but there were three more people! She danced in place, pulled on the front of her skirt, and occasionally gave herself a squeeze as discreetly as she could. She really had to go. Two more people went in the line behind her.

Evan, who was getting a snack from the kitchen, noticed her there. He got excited. A bathroom line? Perfect!

A bad wave Dany hit and she almost had to double over. Not knowing what to do, she left the line and went into the backyard again for privacy. Evan went into an empty room and watched her from the window. She slipped her hand into her panties and rubbed her clit, trying to think of what she could do. She stumbled a bit when she tried crossing her legs. She was too drunk for any sort of balancing.

Suddenly, her need got WAY worse. She spurted into her underwear. Dany bent her legs, rubbed her clit, and groaned to herself. She wished the bathroom was empty so she could relieve her dire need. Her bladder was ready to burst.

"Ohhhhhh god... Ohhh my godd I need to peee..." She felt it almost come out. She doubled over and bent her legs, but she lost balance and fell on her butt. Right there, her bladder emptied into her underwear, and pee hissed out of her into the grass. Evan's eyes widened as he watched her bladder void and spill out. The last bit of liquid spurted out of her.

She didn't know what to do. There was no way she could stay in this underwear, though. She skinned them off and hid them in the bushes. She was now going commando in a skirt. She pulled on the back of it, embarrassed, and went back in the house.

Evan made sure no one saw him when he slipped into the backyard.

"Dany!" the blond girl from the couch called, "where did you go? Come here! We got fireball!" She didn't know what that was, but she went with it. She was handed another shot, then another, then another. The room was spinning. She felt a draft in her private area, and she locked her legs back together. Did anyone see me? she thought to herself. Dany's bladder suddenly made it's presence again. She excused herself and managed to sneak upstairs. She stumbled down the hall and found the bathroom, where she threw up into the toilet. She was thankful for her short hair.

She had to pee bad, but nausea prevented her from getting up. She dug her heel into her crotch and closed her eyes.

Downstairs, Evan came back in the house. He went to the couch where she was sitting.

"Do you guys know where Dany went?" he asked them.

"She's looking for you upstairs, I think," said David.

Dany was currently leaned over the toilet. She really needed to pee, though. She tried to stand, but fell over to the side. Her bladder ached intensely, and her stomach boiled with nausea. She hated how she felt right now. The room began to go black and she felt pee begin to spurt out of her as she fell asleep.

Evan looked around fro Dany upstairs. He opened all of the doors until he reached the bathroom, where he found her passed out in a puddle of pee. He felt too guilty to be aroused now. He picked her up to take her home, but put her down immediately when her skirt fell up and revealed everything to him. He picked her up again, but just brought her to a bedroom. He pulled the blanket up over her, then fell asleep in a chair in the corner of the room.

...

Evan was woken up by Dany groaning.

"Owwwww... my head... Evan? Where am I?"

"We're still at Adam's. You got drunk and fell asleep." Dany sat up and faced Evan, who turned bright red when he saw all of her again. She got up and went to empty her bladder again, but stopped at the bathroom door.

"Uhhhh... Evan?"

"Yeah?"

"Where's my underwear?"

There was a silent pause. "I have no idea."

