Introducing: Rick and Julie

Author: Quest

*000*2016-03-05 00:56

My first fictional story here! I'm not a native English writer so apologies for mistakes, limited vocabulary, etc. This is a story idea I had and I just wanted to put it out quickly. I'm sure it would have been better if I made it longer, but I didn't want to make you wait. ;)

"Did you go the bathroom?", Rick's mom asked. With his eyes already closed, Rick nodded. "Alright. Sweet dreams, sweetheart", his mom said. She gives him a kiss on his forehead, makes sure her son is nice and snug under the blankets, then turns off the bedside lamp and quietly walks out of the bedroom.

Rick lied. He didn't use the bathroom at all. Rick, now eight years old, has always been a bedwetter, or so his mother thinks. In reality, Rick stopped wetting the bed two years ago. But no bedwetting meant no more diapers at night, something he dearly missed once they were gone.

To get his diapers back, Rick one morning decided to purposefully wet his bed. His mother was very disappointed, especially when it happened again a couple of days later. Hesitatingly, his mom decided to put her son in diapers again, much to his secret enjoyment.

Balance was a key issue for Rick. He didn't want to worry his mom by wetting every night, but too many dry nights in a row and his diapers would be gone again. That's why, almost every other day, Rick wouldn't use the bedroom before bed, even though he said otherwise. This was one of those nights.

With his hand near his crotch, Rick slowly let go, feeling how his diaper warmed up, ensuring his diaper supply wouldn't come to an end anytime soon. Moments after wetting himself, the boy falls in a deep and happy sleep.

Rick isn't really able to explain why he likes to wear diapers as much as he does. He just doesn't like sleeping without them. In the weekends, he tries to wear them as long as possible, wetting a bit more while playing a video game. If he could, he would definitely wear diapers after school too, but since his slightly older sister Julie walks home with him, there's no way he could get away with that. Or could he?

One Sunday, Rick returned home from a friend earlier than expected. He entered the house and walked the stairs to his room. Just as he wanted to push the door open, he heard something. Since the door wasn't completely shut, Rick peeked inside. He couldn't believe what he saw.

In his room, his big sister Julie was sitting next to his bed. The drawer where their mom kept Rick's diapers was open. Julie closed the drawer, stood up and walked towards the door. Rick quickly stepped back and went into their mom's bedroom, opposite to his. He was just in time for Julie to not notice him, as she exited his room and walked downstairs.

Still in shock, Rick wasn't quite sure what to make of this. Why was his big sister in his room anyway? Why was the drawer with diapers open? There could only be one explanation.

Rick went downstairs as well, where he found Julie on the couch with a soda, watching tv. She looked up. "I didn't know you'd be home yet", she said surprised. Rick just looked at her, but didn't notice anything out of the ordinary. Julie's attention was quickly recaptured by the tv. Rick decided to sit next to her on the couch.

Moments later, Julie's phone rang. She'd put it on the table, so she had to get up from the couch to answer the call. As Julie walked by, he listened carefully. What he had thought upstairs, might very well be true. He heard a crinkly sound with every step Julie put towards the table.

With Julie on the phone, Rick didn't know what to do. Is his sister actually wearing one of his diapers? Just like that? He couldn't believe it, even though everything pointed in that direction: her being in his room, next to the diaper drawer, and the crinkly sound when she walked past.

As the conversation Julie was having on the phone got louder, Rick looked at her. Julie stared outside the window while talking on the phone, so Rick could only see her back. That's when it happened: he could clearly recognize a tiny bit of diaper waistband popping out from above his sister's jeans. Panic was about to set in, but then Rick came up with something better.

After ending her phone call, Julie returned to the couch, now with her phone in hand, sending a text, effectively ignoring Rick. This was his chance. It's make or break now.

"I know what you did", Rick said.

"What do you mean?", Julie replied uninterestedly, still staring at her phone.

"I know what you're wearing", Rick answered. Julie looked up, worried now. This scared her.

"I... I don't understand", she said, even though she had a feeling that she actually knew what was going to happen. Her little brother would find out about her little secret. That she would sometimes grab a diaper from his drawer and wear one herself. She would be teased for life about this, or even worse, if he'd tell their mom about this.

"Why did you go into my room?", Rick asked. Julie's heart was racing. She didn't know what to say. "I... Well, I...".

"Are you wearing a diaper?", Rick now asked point blank. Julie blushed heavily. She felt there was no point in denying it. She stayed silent for a while, then asked her younger brother: "What do you want from me?"

"I'll let you in on a secret", Rick said. Julie got confused. Is this the time for sharing a secret?

Rick continued. "I don't actually wet the bed anymore", he said. His sister's eyes got bigger. "You don't?", she said in disbelief.

"I don't. But I still want to wear diapers. They make me happy", Rick said, now himself blushing. Julie's confusion grew. First her little dirty secret got busted by her brother, then he admits to an even dirtier secret?

"What do you want from me?", Julie said in agony.

"Well", Rick replied slowly, "I won't tell mom about your secret on one condition. I want to wear diapers during the day too, even when you're around."

Julie smiled. That's one hell of a relief! Just to be sure, she asked: "Can I keep using yours?"

Rick nodded. "So it's our secret now!", Julie exclaims. Rick was so happy. Finally he had what he wanted: more opportunities to wear a diaper during the day.

"Did you wet it?", Rick asked his older sister. Julie blushed again, then she slowly nodded. "Maybe you should get changed", Rick proposed, "and I wanna wear one too before mom comes home."

"Would you like me to help you with that?", Julie asked. Getting a diaper change from his older sister during the day without being teased? Rick was over the moon! He gave his sister a big hug, something he rarely does.

Both Rick and Julie got up from the black couch. On it, a little wet patch was visible. Clearly, Julie's diaper had leaked. Julie put her hands in front of her mouth. This was embarrassing.

"It's OK", Rick said, "it could happen to me too." Julie was already enjoying this completely renewed bond with her little brother. She followed him upstairs so she could change her wet diaper, then put one on her brother for the very first time.

