It`s just funny when she has to pee that bad

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-05-09 00:25

"Remember when Riley pee'd herself at Rachael's house?" Daphne announced to everyone at the sleepover.

Riley's cheeks burned red. She smirked, trying to cover her embarrassment. "My bladder was too full," she reasoned. "You guys wouldn't let me into the bathroom!"

"It was funny!" she chortled. "Come on, you're not still mad about that, right?"

"Remember when Daphne farted in front of her crush?"

The girls erupted in laughter. Daphne didn't. She was seething. "We wouldn't have kept you out of the bathroom if you weren't being so goofy about it! You were, like, jumping around and shit!"

"I had to go really bad! What, you've never had to pee bad before?"

"I have, but I didn't act like that!" She huffed. "Hey, guys, I wonder if she's still that dramatic."

Usually quiet Rachael spoke up. "Only one way to find out," she said. She looked nervous when Riley shot her a confused look.

"Yeah, there is! We should find out!" Daphne said. "Nobody let Riley use the bathroom for the rest of the night."

A couple of girls chuckled. "What? Don't do that again!" she demanded. "Are you serious? We're literally adults."

"We were adults last time!"

"Exactly!" Riley said a little too loud, then shrunk down into her seat. Truthfully, she was filled with anxiety. She'd had to pee for a while.

"Oooh, Riley's mad. Okay, you can't go potty until tomorrow morning."

"What!? I can't wait that long! I haven't even broken the seal yet and we've been drinking!"

"Then you should probably lay off the fluids," Daphne joked.

"No way," Riley said, filling another shot glass. "No way I can hang out sober around you fucks."

Some time passed. They all got drunker and Riley began to feel the urge to urinate rapidly intensifying. "Ooh," she groaned to herself and pressed her hand in between her legs. She nonchalantly got up and headed for the toilet.

"Hey, don't let her go!" Daphne shouted. Someone grabbed Riley's foot.

"Dude, seriously, this isn't funny!"

"It is for us," said the girl holding her foot.

"Fine, I'll wait! Just let me go!" She was released and she stormed back to where she was, plopping down and trying to ignore the uncomfortable sensation from her urinary system. Pretty soon, she was squirming and jiggling, as openly desperate as she usually was.

Time passed. They drank some more and the desperate girl continued to fill herself with more and more liquid. As her need to urinate worsened, Riley sat on her ass and scooted back and forth, rubbing her pussy with both hands. She squeezed herself and moved forward onto her knees, digging her heel into her crotch and pulled her pants away from her aching bladder. She needed to pee so badly! She started perspiring from the effort of keeping it all inside her body. It ached to pee let out.

"They're only gonna keep messing with you if you keep making it obvious," the girl next to her whispered.

"I can't sit still..." Riley winced, "or I'm gonna pee!"

"Just try," she told her. "You can slip away once they stop paying attention."

She took a deep breath and forced herself to stop squirming. She continued to strain every muscle in the region. She whined a bit, forcing her hands to stay casually limp in her lap. Her bladder was huge, tight, and screaming.

"They're called kegels. You should look them up," she said as she poured another shot. She made a genuine effort to research kegels on her phone, but because of her inebriation and her inability to think about anything other than her desperate need to piss, she gave up.

"I'm so uncomfortable!" she said to no one in particular. "I have to pee so bad I'm gonna die...!"

She got startled out of her skin when someone dug their fingers into her sides and tickled her, forcing a second-long jet of piss out of her as they did it. She yelped and bolted away, managing to stem the stream by squeezing herself tightly and wriggling around frantically. Daphne was the tickler, laughing hysterically with a few other people. Riley turned and ran into the bathroom, but someone grabbed her shirt and held it, keeping her in the doorway. "Pleasee!" she begged, clutching herself and dancing madly. Daphne ran ahead and shut the bathroom door, then sat down and leaned against it.

"You guys are so mean!" she started hopping from foot to foot, trying not to pee on herself.

"Does someone want the last of this?" one girl said, holding up an almost empty bottle of tequila.

"Give me that," Riley said, grabbing the bottle from her and downing its contents, crossing her legs. "I'm not trying to remember this shit."

Pretty soon after that, it was all Riley could do to keep from crying. No matter how much she writhed, danced, or grabbed at herself, she couldn't lessen the intense pressure and discomfort. She could physically feel the unnaturally overstretched size of her screaming bladder, bulging out of her belly and pressing up against her other organs. A small leak seeped out of her vagina, so she lurched forward and grabbed at herself madly, whining and whimpering. She was absolutely dying to urinate.

"Hey, Daphne fell asleep first," someone said. "How are we going to fuck with her?"

"We should..." Riley swallowed, cringing and jiggling, "we should put her hand in warm water!"

The girls gasped. "We should!" Rachael said. "I'll go get a bowl of water..."

Riley spurted again, scooting her butt around and jiggling crazily. "Mmmph...! D-don't need to..." she pulled the popcorn bowl over to her, stood up squirming and whimpering, dropped her pants and underwear and squatted over the bowl. Everyone gasped. Immediately, a torrent of piss jetted out of her, loudly splattering against the plastic. "Ohhh god..." she moaned, covering her face in shame. She couldn't hide how good it felt to finally drain her dangerously overfull urinary organ. She peeked up. Most were looking away, some were laughing. Rachael was staring wide-eyed, cheeks red as a tomato. Riley gave her a weird look before she suddenly exclaimed "watch!" Riley looked down and saw the bowl was almost filled to the brim.

"Ahhh--!" she whined, trying to stem to flow and stand up. It kept leaking out. Riley gripped her pussy until she quit dribbling, cringing at the discomfort of stopping. She still had to urinate so urgently it still felt like a loss of control was imminent. She immediately pulled her pants up, stepping side to side. Then she scooted the bowl of her hot, steaming piss to where Daphne was sleeping and, trying to keep her squirming to a minimum as she dug her heel into her crotch, gently placed her hand in the yellow liquid.

"Oh my god!" one girl exclaimed. "That's so fucking disgusting!"

"You guys were gonna make me piss my pants a second time! I don't want to hear it!" Riley snapped, pressing her fingers into her groin as she sat cross legged, gyrating her ass. "Ohhh I still really have to gooo..."

"No way," someone said. "You filled that whole bowl up. I didn't even think someone could pee that much."

"It's not even that much--" she stopped when she heard something like hissing and trickling. Darkness was spreading down Daphne's crotch, forming a big crescent on her butt and a puddle under her. Hushed, hysterical laughter filled the room. One girl even took a video. "Oh my god, I can't watch this!" Riley said as she got up and bolted to the other side of the room, hopping around and squeezing madly at herself. A hot little spurt came out, and she gripped herself tightly, ready to burst.

The amount of urine that came out of Daphne was surprising. There was a huge puddle, trailing across the floor. Another, bigger spurt forced its way out of Riley's tired, burning urethra. Her eyes started watering from the exertion. She started to dribble and she couldn't stop it, even though she was jumping up and down and rubbing crazily up her crotch. Then she froze, pressing her thighs together and doubling over, as the dribble grew to a jet and soaked her pajama shorts. It dribbled down her legs and pattered to the ground at her feet.

"Riley's peeing her pants!" somebody said. The girl who was filming Daphne suddenly turned her phone to her.

"Noo..." Riley groaned, dropping her head in shame, sort of hiding her face from the camera. She started to be able to hear it hissing out of her. It felt so good to relax, but she was humiliated.

The laughter died pretty quickly when Riley started to cry. Her stream went for a long time, eventually completely voiding herself of urine. She tried to stifle it, but she was clearly upset.

"Hey," Rachael said, touching her shoulder. Riley looked up. Nobody was filming her. "I have a change of pants you can wear after you take a shower. I assume you want to?"

Riley nodded, awkwardly following Rachael out of the room. As she left, she heard someone say "let's make Daphne clean up the piss..."

The pair entered a completely different bathroom in the house. "I'm sorry I didn't show this to you," Rachael told her, "it's just hard to go against this group, you know?" She ran the shower for her. "Do you still need to pee?"

Riley shook her head. "Think I got it all out."

Without warning, Rachael dropped her pants and pissed hard into the toilet. "Them keeping you out kind of kept us all out," she said. "I had to go bad."

