Casually Desperate

Author: Quackduck

*000*2019-09-09 03:23

When drinking a full cup of coffee became part of Chloe’s morning routine, the effects were pretty noticeable. She was of course much more energetic, which was a trait of hers that didn’t need intensifying. She was far more alert during school; there was no more falling asleep during lectures. She also found herself full of urine much more often than she wanted to be. Her bladder was rather small, and the coffee-loving girl was literally in a state of needing to pee more often than she wasn’t.

It was hard to get used to for the first month or so. She had many ‘close calls,’ going from kind of needing a toilet to absolutely dying for a piss before she knew it. At that point, she would almost always be in the car, the middle of class, or anywhere else without immediate access to a lavatory. She held it for so long and so often that she sort of got used to the feeling. It was because of this, she believed, that her bladder had stretched to a much greater size than it once was.

When before if she found herself squirming on a long car ride, she would be filled with anxiety over not making to the toilet in time. Now, she could casually play the license plate game with a severely overfull belly and confidently wait until an opportunity to go arose naturally. She would squirm and fidget, but it was nothing out of the ordinary for her anymore.

Sometimes on the weekends, when she’d skip her morning routine out of laziness, she wouldn’t even enter the bathroom at all. She’d immediately go downstairs, have some breakfast, and a nice cup of coffee.

One saturday morning, she did just that. Chloe groggily opened her eyes and rolled out of bed. She had slept in a big white t-shirt that went down to her knees and black underwear. The only thing she did to get ready was pull on some shorts.

She ate some cereal and drank her coffee in front of the TV. She had to pee. Pretty badly, actually, but she didn’t mind. About an hour and a half later, her big sister, Emily, woke up and kicked her off the TV, so she went into the backyard and jumped on the trampoline. By then, she urgently needed to urinate, but she still payed it no mind. The liquid sloshed around inside her as she jumped, the weight of it shifting harshly up and down. A while after that, Emily came outside to take the trash out.

“Why are you holding yourself like that?” she asked with a sneer.

Chloe hadn’t even noticed she was clutching herself between the legs. She forced her hands by her side and shrugged, even though she knew exactly why.

“You gotta pee, is that it?” Emily asked.

“No!” Chloe defended, embarrassed.

“God, you’re so weird. You better not bother me when Jack gets here. I don’t want you embarrassing me in front of him. If you go out, don’t forget your house key. I’m locking the door when we go to the movies.” She went back inside. Chloe’s need had increased exponentially in only a couple of minutes, and now she could barely keep herself from a full-blown potty dance.

“That’d be the coffee,” she mumbled, but she didn’t want to go right after she lied to her sister about not needing to. She kept jumping for a while longer, even though it was like shaking a water bottle. She turned away from the windows so Emily wouldn’t see and squeezed herself inside her underwear. The old her would have immediately rushed into the house for sweet relief if it was that bad, but she was so comfortable with it that she stayed on the trampoline for quite a while. It eventually felt like pee was going to start squirting out of her with every jump if she didn’t go soon, so she went back into the house.

The backdoor led directly into the kitchen, which then led to the living room, where she saw Emily and Jack giggling on the couch together. When she saw her sister, Emily’s face suddenly turned sour.

“What are you doing back in the house?”

“Just- getting a drink,” she said sheepishly.

“Kitchen’s that way, retard.”

Chloe spun around, went back to the kitchen, grabbed a coke and left. Sometimes she wished she were more open about her bodily functions, but it was alright now that she could hold as much liquid inside her as she wanted.

She drank the coke as she rode her penny board down the road on the way to her friend Abby’s house. She hoped she’d be home. Maybe she’d be able to use her bathroom. It was hard to stay balanced when she was bursting as bad as she was, but she did well, even on the way-too-loose trucks she had on her penny board. With every kick to propel herself, she felt her bloated bladder throb.

Chloe finished the coke as she rode up to the house, squeezing herself with her free hand. She heard people laughing in the backyard, so she around and saw Abby and a few of her other neighborhood friends in the pool.

“Chloe!” Abby said.

Chloe’s cheeks flushed red a little bit. “Were you guys going to get me?” she asked.

“They were going to after I left since I have to be at ballet really soon. If you rush home and get your bathing suit we can hang out for a little while before I have to leave, but you have to go, like, now.”

“How much time do you have?”

“Not much. Come back as fast as you can!”

She left and skated down the road as fast as she could. If she was going swimming, she could pee in the pool. It was weird, but she liked peeing in the pool more than she liked going in the toilet. Not to mention it saves water. She sprinted inside, ignoring whatever comment her sister had thrown at her, and found her bathing suit. It was a red one piece. She tore off her clothes and pulled it on, leaving the house less than a minute after she arrived. Both of her hands were in between her legs as she rode, squeezing and tapping every chance they got. She was really bursting now at this point.

The entire night’s worth of urine still sat inside her stagnantly, plus the milk from her cereal, the cup of coffee, and pretty soon, the can of coke. She was still confident in her ability to hold as long as she wanted, though. This wasn’t even the fullest she’d ever been. She thought back to when she downed an entire box of capri-suns and then went on a four hour long car trip to her grandparents house. She was trembling and squirming for the entire drive. She got kind of scared that she’d lose it then, but she managed to wait all the way there, and through the tedious hugs and catch up conversations. It was the most relieving pee she’d ever taken.

When she got to Abby’s, she ran around back to find everyone had left and Abby was drying off.

“Shit, Chloe, I’m so sorry!” she said, “I really thought I had more time than this.”

Chloe’s cheeks turned red again. “It’s okay. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She turned and left, disappointed and embarrassed.

She was seriously busting for a piss as she rode home. She didn’t drink as much, but she’d been holding for much longer than that car ride. Her muscles were getting tired. She tried to keep her hands away from her crotch, but it was no use. Although she was sure she could hold it, she rode much faster than she would if she were empty. The urgency was distracting, and on one kick, the other foot was too far to the side. The board turned rapidly and was sent flying in front of her. She fell on her butt, and because of the speed, she was also thrown on her side. Her elbow hit the concrete really hard. She grimaced, her elbow throbbing and her bottom stinging. She extended her arm, cracking it at the joints. She stood up and felt her butt, and immediately turned beet red. Her suit had was badly torn up.

She ran and got back on her penny board, skating as fast as she could back home with both her hands concealing her behind as best she could. Although she needed to pee so bad that her crotch demanded to be held, her decency was more important. She could hold it as long as she wanted.

Chloe sprinted inside her room and shut the door before anyone saw. She changed back into her other clothes and threw away her bathing suit. She tried to get into the bathroom, but as soon as she opened the door, she saw her sister on the toilet.

“Chloe!” she scolded, grabbing the door and slamming it in her face.

She felt so humiliated and stupid. Why couldn’t she do anything right? Her friends had better things to do, her favorite bathing suit was ruined, and her elbow hurt so bad she didn’t want to move it. She also needed to pee so bad she couldn’t stand it. The coke had made its way to her already full bladder, but she was too embarrassed to be seen in the bathroom, even after her sister left. She flumped down on the bed and started to cry.

Frustration cries were good. In twenty minutes, she felt much better. Abby was free tomorrow, she’d get a new bathing suit, and her elbow would heal. She still needed to pee extremely badly, though. She jumped up and went to go to the bathroom, but she smelled something foul as she approached the door. She knocked on it.

“What?” Emily yelled, audibly annoyed. Chloe sighed, burying her hands in between her legs. She felt ready to pop, but she was still confident in her ability. She grabbed some money from her sock drawer and decided to ride her penny board up to the gas station, which was almost a half hour long ride.

About fifteen minutes in, she began to realize that exercise made it harder to hold her pee in. By the time she got to the gas station, it was an emergency. She rested her penny board on the side of the building and ran inside, only to find that the restroom was closed.

She couldn’t believe her eyes. Why was her luck so bad today? She was stepping around and squeezing herself as hard as she could. That was the main reason she came all the way here!

She only had three dollars, only just enough to buy one thing. The ride over had made her parched. No one in their right mind would buy a drink when they’re bursting to pee, but Chloe believed she could hold it forever.

She was trying her best to keep still as the cashier rang up her quart size gatorade, but she wasn’t doing a very good job of it. She politely thanked the cashier with her legs twisted up like a pretzel and rushed outside to get her penny board, but it wasn’t where she left it. Her heart sank. Someone must have stolen it. This must be the worst day of her life. She got it for nine dollars at a yard sale, but it still made her angry. On top of that, the poor girl still had to pee so bad. She started the long walk home with one hand between permanently her legs.

She absentmindedly drank the gatorade, despite her urgent need to urinate, and she finished it in about fifteen minutes. Her belly ached from the fullness. Another fifteen minutes after that, when she’d be arriving if she had her penny board, she was almost halfway home. Her need to constantly pause to double over and hold herself didn’t get her home any quicker, either. She still firmly believed in her steel bladder, but it seriously felt like pee was going to start coming out any moment.

When she was three quarters of the way home, the gatorade started to hit her. She picked up the pace, briskly walking while intermittently clutching at herself. It was getting really bad. There was so much urine in her pulsating bladder that it had stretched taut and palpable.

Twenty minutes later, Chloe was absolutely dying. The entirety of the gatorade seemed to have quickly made its way through her small body and took up residence in her bloated organ. She was half-running half-waddling, squeezing and clutching herself until her knuckles turned white. She felt like crying again. She couldn’t stand it any longer!

Her neighborhood came into view, and her house was just a couple more blocks. She was starting to question her ability again. Before she was certain that she could hold it forever, but it felt like she was about to explode!

Halfway down the first road, she felt a hot little spurt. She stopped in her tracks, her legs locked together and her hands squeezing hard. She stood there like that for a minute, trembling, her bladder screaming and pleading for relief. She took a deep breath and kept going. Was she really going to lose it? She’d held so much before, but this was a lot, even for her. A night and a day was contained inside her, begging to be let out. Her underwear felt wet.

She was on the next road when another hot spurt came out. Instead of stopping, she tried to go faster, but it was a fatal mistake. The spurt turned to a stream that shot powerfully into her shorts. She stopped and held herself like before, but it kept coming. Glistening urine streamed down her legs and dripped onto the pavement. It faltered, squirting intermittently before coming to a stop. It didn’t help at all. If anything, it made it worse. On top of her engorged bladder which ached severely, her urethra now stung like an overworked muscle.

As her house came into sight, she started running as fast as she could (which, in her condition, wasn’t very fast) with both of her hands inside her underwear. Urine sloshed around inside her belly as she did so. Her bladder begged her to stop, but she was in the homestretch. She got to her house, sprinted up, and tried the door...

Locked. She suddenly remembered Emily telling her to remember to take her house key since she was leaving. She didn’t remember.

Chloe was going to explode if she didn’t empty herself soon. She was filled with so much hot piss that it felt like there were gallons of liquid inside of her. She ran around back to try the door, but it was also locked. She didn’t know what to do. She couldn’t stand the pain anymore. Her entire body trembled as another leak started to come out. With shaking hands, she yanked down her shorts, lifted her long shirt, sat down in the grass, and let go. The relief was beautiful. Her stream was a hissing, golden fountain loudly splattering against the grass. She moaned in relief, not caring that the splashback was soaking her feet and legs. She put her hand on her stomach, feeling her bulge deflate like a balloon.

“Oh my god,” she moaned. Her pissing went on and on. She looked down to see the impressive river traveling downhill through the grass. It also pooled around her butt, which was a bit repulsive, but the relief was so orgasmic she couldn’t care any less. As it finally dribbled to an end, she pulled her soaked shorts back up and sat on the front porch, waiting for Emily to get home.

*005*2019-09-18 01:16

Part 2

Chloe sat on her heel on the bus ride home from school one day with an almost unbearable amount of liquid in her bladder. She was trembling terribly as she squirmed slightly into her foot, but she was otherwise nonchalant about her condition. She hadn’t peed all day; she’d harbored a dull but urgent ache since that morning out of laziness. The large Brisk she’d drank at lunch hadn’t hit her until her last block, and she would have gone afterwards, but she’d recently begun talking to a cute boy after school. She eagerly rushed to the bus stop to spend time with him, not wanting to waste even a second longer away from him as she needed. Unfortunately, they rode different buses. She sat next to Abby, who often talked so much that Chloe couldn’t get a word in edgewise. It was alright today, though, since she needed to pee so bad that it demanded near constant attention. She wouldn’t have been able to keep a conversation going.

Her tight khakis dug painfully into her belly. She winced quietly and fidgeted some more. She wanted to hold herself and grind into the seat, but she couldn’t do that in front of anyone.

Once last year, Chloe had been so desperate that she’d soaked her shorts and resorted to peeing in the yard, effectively shattering her belief that she could hold it forever, but now she wondered if it was actually her limit or if she just let go because she couldn’t take it anymore. She was rapidly approaching that point, too. The vast amount of liquid inside her pulsed painfully, begging her for relief. She did her best to keep from constantly grimacing from the churning agony in her belly.

The bus got to the stop outside her neighborhood. Abby’s house was pretty close to it, so Chloe didn’t have to pretend to be alright for too long, but forcing herself to stand up straight and walk at the same pace Abby was torture. As soon as she left, Chloe’s hands went between her legs and squeezed tightly. The poor girl was literally in pain, dying for a piss the entire way home. A small spurt escaped just as she came upon her house.

“Ohh!” she groaned, doubling over and clutching desperately at herself. Her urethra ached badly. She waddled to the door and unlocked it with shaky hands. She opened the door and saw Emily on the couch watching TV. She immediately stood up straight, her waistband tightly squeezing her screaming bladder and pee spurting down her pant leg. She rushed past into her room and slammed the door behind her. She ran to the bathroom, but as she opened the door, she heard running water and saw the figure of someone in the shower. Her cheeks went deeply red and she quietly shut the door, twisting up her legs like a pretzel.

There was a small but dark streak of urine down her pant leg, so she just poked her head out of her bedroom door, shaking and holding herself. “Is someone in the shower?” she asked Emily, acting as though she hadn’t seen them. She held her breath as her sister responded.

“Yeah, Jack’s in there. He spilled something on himself.”

She closed the door again and doubled over, digging her fingers into her crotch as hard as she could. Even though she was ready to explode, she didn’t want Emily to see her walk across the house to the other bathroom, struggling to stay composed with a wet streak on her pants.

Chloe unbuttoned her tight khakis, which granted her some relief, but not much. Her bladder was so tight and full that there was a reddish mark going across her belly from where her pants had been digging into her. She stuck both her hands into her underwear and laid down on the bed.

As time slowly ticked by, the desperate girl was filled with even more hot piss until it felt like she was about to bust open. She was on the verge of tears from the excruciating pain as she squeezed and writhed around in agony, dripping with sweat. Pee squirted forcefully into her gripped palms, further dampening her underwear. Her body pleaded with her to get relief as fast as possible, but the shower was still running. Chloe couldn’t stand it any longer. God, it hurt. It hurt so bad she didn’t want to move, but the feeling of impending leakage forced her to constantly squirm. Another spurt came out, and she realized she had to do something soon. It was worse than the time she went in the yard, but this time there was nowhere to go. She decided to go to their parents bathroom at the other end of the house, but she would need pants that didn’t show off any leaks.

She got out of bed, leaking slightly as she did so, and removed her khakis. Her bladder was squished when she bent over and her urethra was pounded with surging pressure. She rummaged through her dirty laundry with one trembling hand (the other was madly squeezing and rubbing between her legs) until she found a pair of black jeans. She pulled them on and buttoned them, but they were just as tight as her khakis and constricted torturously around her bulging bladder. Her legs shook pitifully from the pressure as another spurt came out. She could feel the overfull organ pulsing against her waistband.

Just as she was about to force herself to stand up straight and walk out there, she heard the shower cut off. Jack asked Emily to bring him his clothes from the dryer if they were done, but they weren’t.

“I’ll find something of my dad’s for you to wear!” she called, going to the other side of the house where Chloe’s beloved bathroom was.

She wanted to cry. A slight trickle that she couldn’t stop had begun to leak out as she waited for her sister to leave their parent’s room. Her entire body was shaking like a leaf while a slow growing moistness spread from her crotch and down her legs. The power of her pathetic stream fluctuated erratically from a dribble to a squirt. She was clenching her muscles as hard as she could, but there was such an extreme amount of urine contained inside the poor girl that she couldn’t believe it. It was by far the worst she’d ever needed to pee in her entire life. Chloe listened to her sister go back across the house and give Jack some clothes, but she found she couldn’t move. One step would no doubt lead to disaster.

Her pee was gradually coming out more powerfully and it was starting to drip from the cuffs of her jeans. She stepped forward to sprint to the toilet, but a hissing spurt stopped her in her tracks. As her stream grew strong and steady, she came to terms with the fact that she couldn’t stand the agony any longer. She closed her eyes and let out a shuddering sigh of relief as she let go, piss immediately shooting out and soaking her jeans. It was pure bliss. Liquid cascaded down her legs and splattered to the ground.

The sound of hissing and splattering filled the room, and her bladder deflated like a balloon. She doubled over and put her hands on her knees, eyes closed and breathing heavily. The pain washed away and was replaced with nearly orgasmic pleasure and Chloe was filled with overwhelming relief. She opened her eyes and saw with startling realization that her yellow river was about to go under her door, so she stumbled back and fell on her butt in her laundry bin, where she completely emptied herself for the first time all day. It was the best piss she’d ever taken.

Although this experience was slightly sobering, Chloe still didn’t learn her lesson about abusing her bladder, and there were many more embarrassing situations to come...

*013*2021-10-06 15:44

Part 3

"I gotta pee so baddd," Emily groaned as she stretched. She was sprawled out on the couch next to Chloe in front of the TV, both girls in basically the same position they'd been in since the morning. It was a lazy sunday. "I haven't gone since this morning."

"Why don't you go?" asked Chloe, who hadn't even peed yet that day.

"Don't feel like it."

Chloe could feel that her bladder was swollen tightly against the waistband of her sweatpants. The waves of urgency that she sits with almost every day were pulsing through her lower body. "How long do you think you're able to hold in your pee?" she asked.

"I don't know, it depends on how much I drink, I guess."

"Average drinking amount."

Emily thought for a second. "Three hours."

"Three hours? That's nothing!"

"What do you mean? I like to stay hydrated. How long can you hold it for, then?"

"I don't know, I've never been at my limit before."

"Well, I haven't either. But I've had to go pretty bad and I think I'd cap out at three hours."

"How much longer do you think you have right now?" Chloe asked.

"An hour?" Emily answered uncertainly.

"You've had to go for two hours?"

"I have no idea how long I've had to go. I've been distracted."

Chloe shifted in her seat. "Well, it's four o'clock now. If you haven't gone by five..."

"Why do you care so much about me peeing?"

Chloe's cheeks turned pink. "I don't I'm just making conversation!"

"It's kind of weird."

"You're the one that brought it up."

"All I said was that I need to pee! You're the one-- ugh, nevermind."

They didn't talk again until the movie they were watching ended. Emily stretched again. "I really have to peeee!" she mumbled, half to herself.

"It's only 4:30." Although if Emily's limit was at 5:00, she realized after saying it, then she would be pretty desperate by this point.

"Okay, I don't actually know specifically when I can't hold in my pee anymore, Chloe," she said.

"Well, what was the worst you've ever had to go?"

"On the ride home from this football game. The bathrooms were nasty so I just waited it out. I was literally crying on the car ride home."

"How close is it to how bad you have to go right now?"

"Not that close. I have to go bad, but not that bad."

Chloe thought for a minute. "But if you're reaching your limit in forty minutes..."

"Okay, I literally don't know why you're so fixated on this right now. Why do you care so much? It's super weird. What do you even mean by 'limit?' Like when I physically can't keep my vagina closed anymore and I pee myself?"

"Physically? It's when it's too uncomfortable and you let go."

"Pee your pants on purpose because you have to go too bad?"

Chloe nodded.

"That's really stupid," Emily said. "And gross. I would never pee my pants on purpose."

"Well, it's not really on purpose-"

"Do you pee your pants on purpose?"

Chloe was pink again. "No!"

"Have you ever pee'd your pants?"

"N-no..."

"You have!" Emily laughed, "Oh my god, that's disgusting. Where were you?"

"I've literally never pee'd my pants," she said, not making eye contact with her sister. She could hear her snickering.

Chloe sat on her foot to ease some urinary pressure. She made the mental note to not talk with her sister about peeing again.

A little while later, when Chloe's need had increased noticably and she was now having to consciously keep herself still, she noticed Emily displaying some weakness as well. It was only some shifting here and there, nothing definite, but it caught her attention nonetheless.

The more time that passed, the closer Chloe payed attention to her sister's movements. A little after 5:30, Emily squeezed herself in the crotch before using both hands to text someone. Chloe had to go pretty badly, too. She hadn't drank too terribly much that day; she was holding in a cup of coffee and some water. She was thirsty, though, and got up to get something. Every step was another complaint from her full bladder.

"Where are you going?" Emily asked.

"To get a coke or something."

"Could you get me one too pleeeease?" she asked.

Chloe was peripherally aware of everything Emily was doing once she came back. She was definitely more fidgety. She kept pulling her shirt down in front of her crotch, something Chloe assumed to be a response to her having to pee. It had to be. What else would it be?

She drained her drink and got up, offering to get Emily another one.

"Yeah, thanks," she replied, absentmindedly.

Chloe passed the bathroom on the way to the kitchen. The door was cracked open, the toilet sitting there alluringly. She was stepping around and squeezing herself, taking full advantage of her privacy. She considered using it for a second, then something more malicious came to her mind. She locked the door from the inside and shut it. She wasn't entirely sure why she did it. She successfully removed her own ability to relieve herself in doing it. Not giving it much more thought, she retrieved two more sodas and sat on her knees on the couch.

Chloe couldn't stop fiddling with her waistband. It was too tight everywhere it was, and she liked the moments of small relief when it was pulled away.

Emily got up and walked in the direction of the bathroom. Chloe bit at her nails, suddenly overtaken with anxiety. How is she going to act if her sister asks her why the bathroom door is locked?

She reached down and squeezed herself when she heard her say "is somebody in here?" from down the hall. "Is somebody else home, Chloe?" she called.

"No?"

She rushed back to the living room and said "why is the bathroom door locked?"

"It's done that before," Chloe replied quickly. "Dad fixed it last time."

"Do you know how he did it?" she asked, stepping back and forth. Chloe shook her head. "Dude, I really have to pee," Emily said, pulling her shirt down. "It's just a hole in the doorknob. Is there, like, a key anywhere?"

"I don't know," she said. Chloe was left alone for a long time, during which her sister was presumably looking for a bathroom key. The cokes went through her during that time, and she grew more and more desperate to the point where she was scooting back and forth and holding her bare pussy with one hand down her pants. The sudden footsteps coming up the hallway only gave her a minute to take it out and compose herself.

"I don't even know what to look for," Emily said, audibly distressed and clearly unable to keep still. "And mom and dad's toilet still isn't even replaced yet. It's still just a hole in the ground. I'm no joke thinking about using it."

"Oh shit," she said, genuinely shocked. She'd completely forgotten about that. How were either of them going to actually get to a toilet?

"When do they get home?" asked Chloe.

"Around seven, they said," Emily replied, stepping around. "I don't think I can hold it that long."

"You didn't think you could hold it past five," Chloe said.

"Good point." Emily dropped to a squatting position and watched TV like that for a couple of minutes. Chloe was hugging her knees, focusing on kegel excercises. Emily went and sat down for a while, constantly shifting and changing positions, before standing back up and walking around with her hands on her hips, looking at the floor.

Later, Chloe was holding in a fart for a couple of reasons. She knew that if she released any muscle at all in her currently clenched nether regions then she'd probably start pissing. She was uncomfortably aware of that.

The second reason was that she wouldn't give her sister another reason to make fun of her. A belly full of gas was only worsening her bathroom situation. She was sweating from the effort of holding in so much piss.

"What time is it?" Emily asked breathlessly, taking a break from walking around in circles and leaning forward with her hands on her bent knees.

"6:34," she replied. Her sister dropped her head. Then, standing back up, she pulled her shirt over her crotch and started marching around again. "I think I'm gonna go to my room," she muttered, walking hastily away.

Chloe had been trembling from trying to stay still in front of her sister. She immediately put both hands between her legs and ran to her own room, feeling like she was about to explode.

She put her laptop on the ground and sat on her knees in front of it with a pillow between her legs. She often did this when she had to pee really bad but didn't feel like leaving her room. She was frantically grinding against the pillow or bouncing madly on it, holding herself freely. She shook her butt as she typed in her passcode with trembling hands.

She couldn't think about anything other than the intensely overwhelming sensation of her need to piss, sitting like a boulder in her lower abdomen. Her bursting bladder was sending emergency signals through the constant waves of pressure and discomfort.

Her urge to pass gas came back as she was squeezing herself with her hands in her underwear again. She successfully let one rip, but spurted a bit in the process. She winced, digging her fingers into herself.

She pulled away a hand to use the mousepad to find a youtube video to watch. She desperately needed to distract herself until seven. When she finally found one, she sat clutching her crotch with both hands. Beads of sweat were forming on her temple, which she swiped away while rocking back and forth, her bladder screaming at her to be emptied. When another wave of desperation hit, she started wriggling. Dropping her head back and cringing, she glanced out the window at her yard.

It was bright and sunny out, but maybe there was a spot where she could sneak to and go? It was true that she only got in this predicament because she was too lazy to walk to the bathroom (not to mention the sudden bout of sisterly vengefulness), but these were desperate times. She shook the thought out of herself, assuring herself that she'd be fine. The fact that the time she'd get to go was on the horizon gave her some more confidence. The two times she'd let go, she was in a position of having to hold it for the indefinite future. Her parents were getting home and fixing the door in twenty minutes. She just had to wait.

Twenty minutes came and went. Chloe was clutching between her legs on her knees, bent forward with her chin resting on the pillow and her butt in the air. Her entire body was trembling under the enormous urge to piss.

"Mmm!" she groaned into the pillow, writhing until she was laying on her side. Chloe was in agony. Her bulging bladder was tight and round, severely overfilled with liquid. Her belly was so distended that her sweatpants were feeling tighter by the minute. She pulled them down to her thighs, completely exposing her privates but removing the restriction around her midsection. It gave her some relief, although her extreme need to urinate was still there and growing. Laying on her back, gyrating her hips and holding herself, she looked up at the time on her computer.

"7:08," she said out loud. Why hasn't she she heard her parents get home yet? She stood up and pulled her sweatpants up in the same motion, then opened her bedroom door. When she was moving, she was running. When she was standing still, she was doing anything but. Jumping, twisting her legs up, squirming like a crazy person... It felt like there was urine right at the tip of her urethra, ready to start the torrent the moment she relaxed. She ran to the window and saw her parent's car still wasn't there. She ran aimlessly around the house, so desperate that her bladder hurt really badly. She had to fart again, but she'd learned her lesson from last time. She wasn't sure if she'd be able to close the floodgates this time.

This sat in her mind for a moment. Then, against her better judgement, she tested the strength of her bladder muscles again. With her legs twisted up like a pretzel, holding herself tightly, she relaxed her sphincter. Almost immediately, before any gas had the chance to come out, she started leaking. Lurching forward and squeezing herself as hard as she could, she let out a desperate squeak before she was able to stop herself from peeing.

Chloe felt like crying. She marched around, pulling her waistband away from her belly and squeezing herself. Her parents still weren't home. She remembered how desperate Emily had been half an hour ago and started wondering how she was doing.

She knocked timidly on her door, clenching her legs together and doing a full on pee dance.

"What?" Emily asked, sounding strained and annoyed.

Chloe cracked open the door and poked her head in. "Are you okay?" she asked.

"Yeah," Emily replied. She was sitting on the bed with a pillow on her lap. "What are you doing?"

Against her greatest efforts to stay composed and hide her need, Chloe found herself unable to stop squirming. It felt like if she didn't squeeze herself every couple of seconds, it was just going to come out. Turning a deep shade of red, she stuttered "I have to go really bad. I don't know what to do."

Emily took a deep breath and got up off the bed. Chloe noticed a dark streak going down the leg of her pants when she stood up. "Come with me," she said, heading towards the kitchen. As she walked, Emily kept lightly grabbing her butt and her crotch, clearly restraining what she actually wanted to do.

Chloe had to pee so bad she could barely walk. She felt so stretched past her comfort zone that she felt like she was going to pop.

Emily stopped by the sink, stepping back and forth while untying the drawstring on her pants.

"What are you--" Chloe started to ask before her sister hopped up onto the sink, pulling her pants right below her butt. The sound of hissing and pattering filled the room. Emily sighed. "Come on," she said.

There was a second basin next to the one her sister was using. Still, Chloe hesitated, writhing desperately around while her sister got relief. It was torture. When she started to leak, she was suddenly given the choice between wetting her pants in front of Emily or peeing next to her.

She leapt up next to her sister, who was still pissing hard, and was peeing before she even got her butt up there. "Ohhh my godd..." she couldn't help but groan as she finally opened the floodgates, exploding into the drain. She heard Emily laugh.

As soon as she was finished, Emily hopped off and pulled her pants back up. "Don't do this a lot, okay?" she said, going back to her room. Chloe was still peeing for a few minutes. She was finally able to fart, too. When it finally dribbled to a stop, she took her sweatpants and underwear completely off, wiping the counter and herself with them and going to her room bare from the waist down.

*014*2021-11-21 17:15

Part 4

It had been a while since Chloe had woken up desperate. She felt the tremendous pressure as soon as she groggily opened her eyes. She layed for a while longer in her bed, tossing from side to side and holding herself, before leaping out of bed and running to the coffee maker. Hurriedly shoving a mug under the nozzle and pressing the buttons to get it started, she stood there fidgeting and cross-legged as coffee squeaked out and trickled into the cup. It was never a very quick process. She hopped around desperately, her aching bladder so full it hurt. Chloe was ready to burst.

She doubled over and dug a finger into her peehole as she felt herself nearly spurt. I gotta control myself right now! she thought, what's wrong with me? I've only had to pee for like twenty minutes!

As soon as her cup was full, she bolted to the fridge and took out the cream. She spilled a bit, but she could deal with it later. She shoved it back in the fridge and did the sugar, mixed it in with one hand while the other squeezed between her trembling legs, and started blowing on the coffee to cool it off.

This time she really did spurt. "Ohhh..." she moaned as she dropped to her knees, digging her heel into her crotch. The poor girl was so full of urine that her screaming bladder was noticeably sticking out of her belly. When she spurted again, she decided she couldn't take it anymore and decided to run to the toilet, but she leaked as she stood up. Cringing and holding herself, still as a statue as to not wet her already soggy underwear anymore, she repeated a mantra in her head: Mind over matter, mind over matter...

It hurt so bad. It hurt from her screaming bladder all the way down to her dribbling urethra. If she moved, she'd pee. All she needed to do was regain control. Deep breaths... Deep breaths...

Then it happened. What began as a leak, almost stemmed by Chloe's vice grip on her crotch, suddenly grew into a hissing jet of piss. Statue-like stillness became frantic writhing as darkness spread out and down between her legs, dripping from the cuffs of her pants. As a last resort, she jumped up and yanked her pants down over the sink, completely emptying her bladder into the drain. It was bliss.

