Drug Test Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-11-05 22:56

Kara is helping five people pass a drug test by taking them herself, meaning she needs enough urine to fill five cups with pee. Her goal throughout the day is to hold as much urine as possible, but she has to get through seven periods before she can find relief! Will she make it?

###

It was a free period, and Kara sat in the back of the library, chewing on the back of her pencil and watching a group of girls talking and laughing. They were charismatic, and much more outgoing than she was, and she envied their friend group. They were the popular girls: Emma, Sophie, Genesis, and two other girls she didn't know the names of. Kara wished she was friends with them. She would get invited to parties, have a boyfriend, go out every day...

Emma looked up and noticed Kara staring at her. She immediately looked down at the paper on her desk, heart filling up with embarrassment. 'That was so stupid of me,' she thought, 'I'm so fucking stupid. Why did I do that? It was so obvious...' A shadow grew over her desk. She looked up to see the five most popular girls in school standing over her. She let out an awkward "Hi."

"Your name is Kara, right?" Emma asked.

"Y-yeah, I'm Kara. What- uh, what's your name?"

"You don't smoke, do you?" she asked, ignoring Kara's question.

That's a weird thing to ask, thought Kara. "What, you mean like cigarettes?"

"Weed. Or anything, I guess. Do you do any drugs?"

"Um... No, of course not."

"Bet," Emma smiled, "sorry if this is weird, but we really need someone to take a drug test for us."

"We really don't want to be kicked out of volleyball this year," Sophie added.

"S-Sure, what do I need to do?"

"We can meet you outside the gym before seventh period tomorrow," Emma said, "that's when gym is. DON'T be late. Seriously. I really can't have you be late. The test is for all of us. I'll give you the cups there."

"Cups?" Kara asked.

"You have to pee in a cup," Emma clarified.

"Five cups," Genesis told her, "make sure you have enough," she giggled.

"Enough what?"

"Pee," Emma said. Kara felt stupid. "You'll do it, right?"

"Y-Yeah, of course. Totally."

"We're counting on you." The five girls left. Kara's heart was beating fast with nervousness. Could this be the ticket into the friend group? All she has to do is pee in a few cups and she'll be cool with them. Nervousness was mixed with excitement for the whole rest of the day.

When Kara woke up the next morning, she realized she didn't really know what she was going to be doing for the test. She knew there was a cup to pee in, but was there anything else that she needed to know? Did each cup need to have a certain amount of urine in it? There's going to be five cups waiting for her tomorrow.

That's a lot of cups.

She decided to skip her morning pee, which proved to be a rather difficult task. She pulled on her cutest jeans and closed them painfully around her full bladder. She didn't care, though. She thought it showed off her ass pretty well, and Emma's friend group were all drop-dead gorgeous. She ate her cereal watching TV while fidgeting and squirming. She fanned her legs, crossed and uncrossed her ankles constantly, and rocked her hips back and forth. It felt like she might leak at any moment, but was in no danger of wetting. She drank the milk from her cereal bowl out of habit, something she wouldn't have done if she'd given it a second thought, and set out for the school bus.

The ride to school was the most uncomfortable bus ride Kara had ever had. She was sitting alone, grabbing her crotch as discreetly as possible, trying not to let everyone know that she was bursting to pee. She wondered if she had five cups worth inside of her at that moment. When she got to school, she walked quicker than anyone else there and plopped down in her seat, accidentally jarring her bladder. Her friend, Terri, sat down next to her.

"Hi," she greeted, then looked down at Kara's crazed sitting tap dance. "You okay?"

"I really have to pee," she said, giving herself a quick squeeze. She was perfectly fine with showing her desperation to Terri, but she wanted to keep the information from her other classmates.

"Why don't you just go?"

"See, the thing is, Emma and her friends asked me to take this drug test for them, and---"

"Wait, hold on. They did what?"

"I'm gonna take a drug test for them. It's--"

"Kara, that's ridiculous! Why are you doing that for them?"

She shrugged. "I just want to be a nice person-nnn!" She lurched forward when a leak nearly escaped, burying her hand in her crotch.

Terri sighed. "Nevermind, I know exactly why you're doing it. But do you know how much trouble you can get into for that? Those girls are stupid and cruel. They'll rat you out as soon as their places on the team are jeopardized."

"They aren't making me do it, Terri. I just... like helping people," she said, as steady as she could. The whole bottom half of her body was moving like crazy.

Throughout the entire class, she couldn't sit still. She was constantly squeezing herself, lurching forward, and tapping her feet. There wasn't much conversation between her and Terri. Her friend was mad at her for trying to impress to popular girls again, but she didn't care too much. They came to her this time. That's a completely different situation. Nearing the end of the period, it was getting really bad. She was dragging her butt back and forth in the chair, and she couldn't keep her hands away from her crotch for more than five seconds. A few other kids around her noticed her situation, making her turn red in the face. She found herself counting down the seconds until the end of class, but she knew she'd still have to wait until seventh period to release.

'I wonder what my limit is,' she thought, 'I should have done some measuring with how much I actually pee yesterday. This is getting bad. I really don't know if I can make it to seventh period...'

The bell rang. Terri got her things and left without saying anything to Kara, who had accidentally spilled the contents of her bag on the floor. She was frantically trying to get her things together, giving herself a squeeze every couple of seconds. A small spurt escaped her, making her tense every muscle in her body.

Kara left in a hurry, every step putting more pressure on her poor bladder. She leaked again, then again, then again. She was walking as fast as she could through the sea of people in the hallway, trying to get to class so she could at least just sit down. She passed the bathroom, and her bladder begged for her to use it. The harsh pulse of her urine-bloated organ was almost too much to bear. A particularly strong contraction made her leak again, but this time it didn't stop. She immediately spun around and went as fast as she could to the bathroom, but the hall was so crowded she was barely getting anywhere. She was going against the flow of people while she slowly and involuntarily leaked pee into her pants.

She felt the warmth gradually spreading down her leg, her eyes tearing up from embarrassment and bladder pain. It didn't seem like anyone was noticing, but she felt like a little kid. She sprinted into a bathroom stall and sat down on the toilet. Without dropping her pants or taking her book bag off, she let go, releasing a torrent into her jeans. Her butt was soaked with urine. She wiped some tears from her eyes and sighed, but she remembered something that made her feel a little bit better. She skinned off her jeans and underwear and put them in her bag. She still needed to pee a little bit, but she was saving some for the drug test. She pulled on the black leggings she brought for gym class and left for class, drinking from the water fountain on the way. She drank until her belly felt like it was going to explode, then walked stiffly to her next period.

She did fine through second period. Though it was definitely noticeable, her need to pass water was kept under control. Third period got a little worse; she spent the whole class fidgeting and tapping her foot. She drank some more water, and by fourth period, she was desperate again. She was hoping none of her friends at her table would notice her scooching back and forth and squeezing herself when they weren't looking. When they were, she was discreetly crossing and uncrossing her legs under the table. It felt weird wearing leggings with no underwear. It kind of made her urge worse, since that extra layer of fabric wasn't there. Once fourth period was over with, it was time to go to lunch.

Although Kara really didn't want to pile anything on top of her bloated bladder, she was really hungry. All she had to eat that day was a small bowl of cereal. She had a cheeseburger and some fries, plus a small carton of chocolate milk to wash it down. She was wondering if she was drinking a bit too much. There was still a little less than two hours until seventh period, and she was spending the entire lunch fidgeting. Once fifth period rolled around, she was sure she drank too much.

'At least I don't have any friends in this class,' she said, making a beeline to the back of the class so she can hold herself. She somehow made it through without any leakage, though her need had increased considerably. She was completely unable to sit still through the whole class, constantly squeezing herself and crossing her legs. No one seemed to notice, though. 'Only one more class to go,' she said to herself, stepping in place as she gathered her things. 'Only one more class and I can pee.' She hurriedly went to her next period, sitting down next to Terri, who, upon seeing her change of pants, scoffed in astonishment.

"Okay, I know you're not just preparing for gym early," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"Kara, you peed yourself for them! Is it really worth it?" her eyes traveled down to Kara's hands, which were buried in between her frantically tapping legs. Terri only shook her head and gave her the silent treatment again.

After twenty minutes, Kara was even more desperate than before. She was watching the clock count the seconds by, but time seemed slower than usual. After another twenty minutes, she was dying. When she wasn't scooting back and forth, she was tensing every muscle in her body trying to contain the massive amount of pee inside her. Her bladder, which was on the verge of exploding, was constantly pulsing and throbbing like a continuous wave of desperation. She didn't care who saw her fidgeting. All she cared about was keeping her pee inside her until seventh period. As soon as the bell rang, she leapt out of her seat and rushed to the gym. As she stood by the door waiting for the girls to show up, she was jumping around, squeezing herself, and marching in place. People were shooting her glances, but she truly couldn't hide her need. 'Please, Emma where are you?' She thought, 'hurry up...' A particularly harsh wave hit, and she dropped to one knee, keeping as still as possible.

They finally arrived less than a minute before the late bell rang.

"Finally!" she said, getting off the ground to greet them. She was hopping from foot to foot, her fists clenched at her sides as she resisted the urge to hold herself in front of them. "Where are the cups? This is really getting bad."

"They haven't given it to us yet," Emma said, "we're getting it this period."

"When this period?" Kara asked desperately, clutching the sides of her leggings.

"I don't know," was the annoyed response. Kara felt stupid again. She waddled into the gymnasium after them and went straight to the mat in the back, dreading what was coming next. Once the bell rang, the teacher went to the front of the class.

"Alright everyone, you know the drill. Sit down in your spots and touch your toes."

Kara didn't move. Her hands were buried in her lap and she was scooting back in forth. She planned on skipping the warm ups until she received a bone-chilling glare from the teacher. She sighed and begrudgingly leaned forward to touch her toes.

She was a very flexible person. In fact, she'd been taking gymnastics for three years. At the moment, though, she wasn't so limber. Her bloated organ was a painful bowling ball in her belly. She filled her cheeks with air and scrunched her face up in agony, her shaking fingers not even making it all the way to her toes. She internally begged him to blow the whistle already, before she burst all over herself. The pulsing in her bladder had turned into a constant, screaming pain pressing against her lap. After an eternity, she heard the whistle blow, and she released.

"Sky reach, everyone."

The poor girl had to get up and reach towards the sky. Her face was contorted in strain and misery, her overfull bladder being tightened on by her belly's stretching skin. Her legs kept involuntarily tensing, her body obviously telling her it can't take much more of this. Her urethra evidently decided that it was going to take charge, and she let out a sudden and strong spurt of urine into her leggings. She immediately swung her arms down to hold herself to stop it, but the urine was plentiful enough to leak down both legs, soak her crotch, and dampen a little bit of her butt. The teacher thankfully didn't see this embarrassing display.

"Alright, let's run! Chop chop!"

This was by far Kara's least favorite part of the class. Though she considered herself a decent gymnast, cardio was not her strong suit, and it didn't help that she was on the verge of exploding. They needed to run three laps around the gym. As soon as she took the first few steps, she knew this was going to be bad. Urine was sloshing around inside her as she struggled to keep up with the rest of her class, each step feeling like a drop on a roller coaster. She noticed herself falling behind, so she picked up the pace.

Once again, she leaked a little in her pants. Every muscle in her body tensed, and her hands were closed tightly in fists at her side. It took a few seconds to stop, since she was still running. She thanked the lord she was wearing black leggings, but with no underwear to help soak up the moisture, liquid was now streaming down her legs and into her shoes. It hurt so bad that she was almost crying. Each step let a little bit of pee out, and her entire lower half felt sticky. She saw the teacher call the girls over and hand them the cups.

"Finally!" she said to herself, but she couldn't find relief yet. As they left the classroom, she discreetly slipped out of one of the exits and went stiffly to wear they were. She couldn't stand up straight, and if she untensed her leg muscles she would leak more into her pants. She was shaking from pure desperation, her tired urethra threatening to open the dams at any moment.

"I'm ready, I need to go right now!" she said, coming upon the group.

"Okay, chill the fuck out," said Emma, handing her the cups. She had to hold them all in her arms, which meant she couldn't hold herself. "We'll wait out here."

"Is there a certain a-amount that needs t-to be in here?" Kara asked, leaking a tiny bit. She was answered with a look of disgust. She would have rephrased it, but her leak was getting stronger and she absolutely could not hold it any longer. She waddled to the bathroom stall and tried to close it with one hand, but a surge of desperation and urgency caused her to lurch forward and drop the cups. Luckily, they were plastic, so they couldn't break, but she had to retrieve them as they rolled across the bathroom floor. She bent over to pick one up, the pain nearly making her cry. She scooped them all up as fast as she could and put them gingerly next to the toilet, her legs fidgeting madly. As soon as she could, she squeezed herself hard with one hand and locked the stall with the other. She yanked down her pants and sat down, her dams immediately bursting and letting a stream out into the toilet. She had to squeeze herself with her bare hands to stop it, pee getting all over her hands.

Kara's bladder was absolutely screaming now, her contorted face genuinely producing tears. Her fingers were cold against her pussy, but she barely noticed. She picked up a cup and put it against her labia, urine immediately spraying out like a garden hose. It filled up in no time. She stemmed the flow and put the cap on with shaky fingers, her bare legs fanning, fidgeting, and scooting. The second one was the same. The third cup began to grant her some relief as her rock-hard bladder became more of the squishy organ it naturally is. After she filled all the cups, she couldn't believe how much she still needed to go. After filling five cups with pee, she still urgently needed relief. She didn't go right away. She sat there for a moment fanning her sticky legs, noticing how overboard she went with this. As if waking up, she realized what she was going through for these girls that were so obviously using her. Terri was right. Terri was her true friend.

A wave of desperation hit, making her habitually tense her legs and butt, but then she released a torrent, hissing strongly into the toilet. It felt amazing. She sighed and relaxed, leaning back against the wall, as the pent up urine finally evacuated her body. It slowed to a dribble, then nothing. She felt absolutely refreshed. She used the toilet paper to dry her legs, pussy, hands, and butt. Then she wiped down the cups and brought them to the girls, who absentmindedly thanked her. After school was out, she met up with Terri and sheepishly apologized, then went home. Kara would never do anything like that again.

