Journeys in Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2019-04-23 02:43

These are characters that I’m going to write into many different settings that will change often, but there will be a set storyline that goes through these settings. For example, one story might take place in a high school while another story might take place in a space station, but the characters will stay the same and the plot line will continue through these changes as if in separate universes. The POV will also change depending on the story.

There are four current characters that will appear in these stories; Tia, Ayana, Isabelle, and Jacob. More characters may be added at a later date. I’m going to have a short intro to the setting at the beginning of every story.

###

Chapter One

This story takes place in the prehistory of a fictional world. It features Tia and Ayana.

Tia relieved herself into the soil by the girl’s side of the river. This was where ever woman in the tribe went to empty their bladders. On the other side of the tribe was the men’s side of the river. The two sides eventually converged and the waste flowed downstream, out of sight. When she was finished, she got back to her feet and started on her way to her needlework lesson. As she walked, though, she heard a familiar voice call her name. She spun around and saw her friend Bidzil heading toward her. She beamed with delight.

”Shouldn’t you be hunting?” She asked.

”Not today.” He lifted up his buckskin top and revealed a recent but minor wound to his side. “I was clumsy yesterday, so I got the day free today. What about you?”

”I have needlework,” she said, disappointed.

”Skip it,” he told her, “come spend the day with me.”

She hesitated in her answer, but seeing the hopeful look on Bidzil’s face made her agree. This wasn’t the first time she’s skipped her lesson. The first time, she’d been given a switch, but she hadn’t seen Bidzil in a long time. Tia was not skilled at needlework in the slightest, and rather needed the lessons, but she had fun with Bidzil. They fell asleep in a field together.

She woke up late the next morning. As the morning sun began glaring her in the face, she leapt up, startled.

”What time is it?” She asked.

”Uh— oh, shit, I should be hunting! I need to get to my father!”

Bidzil and Tia ran in separate directions, hoping to avoid the scorn of their parents. She didn’t realize she hadn’t taken her morning pee until she felt it sloshing around inside her. She hadn’t gone for a large portion of yesterday, either. She figured she’d just take a break early in the lesson.

Luckily, her sisters had only been working for around ten minutes. Her mother flared at her when she entered.

”Where were you yesterday?” She said in cold seriousness. Her sisters smirked.

”I-I was with Bidzil. I thought I could take the day off, I just-“

”You won’t be doing that again. I thought we’d handled this.”

Tia hung her head. “I’m sorry, mother.”

”Sit down and begin working. Keep an eye on your stitches, I can already see them starting to wander.”

Everyone else’s dress was a lot farther along than hers, so she’d need to work extra hard.

She felt an annoying throb in her abdomen, but she brushed it off for the moment. She didn’t want to ask right away and seem suspicious. She waited until she couldn’t sit still.

”Mother, may I take a break for a moment?”

”I’m not letting you out of my sight until the lesson is finished,” she replied coldly.

”But- but I really have to relieve myself!”

Her sisters giggled. “Once you’ve finished your dress, you may go.”

She bit her lip and tried to sit still to no avail. There was never a moment where she wasn’t squirming and fidgeting. An entire night’s worth of urine was pulsing in her tummy. As time dragged on, the urgency of her need only escalated. It was nearly impossible to focus on her dress.

Her older sister got up and brought her dress to their mother. “I’m finished,” she declared, beaming with pride.

”It’s beautiful, sweetheart. You may go.” She trotted out happily, giving Tia a smug look on the way out. She was only halfway done!

”Mother, may I please have a break?” She pleaded, wiggling her butt. She only got a stern look in reply. The poor, desperate girl changed her sitting position so that she was digging her heel hard into her crotch, trying to feel some sort of relief. It was beginning to feel painful. Even more time passed and Tia was on the brink of tears. Another one of her sisters got up, presented her finished dress, and was given permission to leave. That left only one sister, Bena, the one who giggled the least. Tia was a bit more open about her desperation in front of her, but she still tried to control herself.

All of the pent-up liquid inside her that stretched her bladder taut was beginning to force it’s way out through dribbles and leaks. Her productivity had slowed to a crawl, as did time, it seemed. Liters of urine bulged out of her belly and was constantly and torturously squished by her clothing. A spurt of pee short out of her. She immediately cut it off and winced, holding herself tightly. She looked up to see Bena giving her a sympathetic look, before getting up and presenting her dress to their mother. Once it was just her and her mother, she asked again.

”Mother, please, I’ve never needed to relieve myself this badly!”

”If you’d have just taken your lesson yesterday, you’d be finished by now. You could have played with that boy afterward. How close are you?”

”N-Nearly there,” Tia rocked back and forth with both hands buried in her crotch, waiting for her urethra to stop stinging. Her enormous need to pass water boiled inside her with a vengeance. Every drop she kept inside her body was punishing her for doing so.

”Think of this as your punishment instead of the switch,” her mother said. Tia honestly wasn’t sure if she’d rather have to switch. She was sweating, and nearly crying. Drops of pee travelled down her thighs and heel, which continued to dig into her crotch. She was now in constant agony. After she managed the last few stitches, she threw her needles down with shaky hands. She held up her dress, still sitting with one hand pushed into her lap.

”I’m finished, may I please be excused?” She said, holding back tears.

“That’s the shabbiest work you’ve ever done, Tia,” she said. For a moment, Tia thought her mother was going to make her redo it, but after a brief pause she simply said “you may go.”

Tia breathed a sigh of immense relief. A momentary lapse in control caused a tear to roll down her cheek and some pee to spurt out of her. She tried to force herself to her feet, but she immediately started leaking. She dropped back to her knees and squeezed her girlhood with all her might.

”I can’t— I can’t stand up!” She cried.

There was a pause. “Just run, Tia. Just get to the river.”

She did as she was told. There was a small but continuous stream leaking out of her as she ran. She felt the gallons of hot piss sloshing around in her overfilled bladder, which bulged out of her like a bowling ball. Every step was like daggers in her tortured belly. Tears streamed down her face as she ran. The only thing she could think about was emptying the bloated, bursting organ inside her. She turned heads as she ran, but she didn’t care.

When Tia got to the river, she didn’t even squat down. She simply yanked her dress up and burst out an explosion of hot, steaming piss. It hissed out of her like a firehose, her stream going a great distance in front of her and pattering loudly into the water. Her bulge was shrinking by the second under her hands, which pressed firmly down on it. She couldn’t help but moan as her head fell back and she closed her eyes, her chest rising and falling with her heavy breaths. Tia had never felt such bliss spreading throughout here bladder and her pussy. She’d been urinating for a little over a minute before she opened her eyes and saw a girl standing there, watching with wide eyes. Tia gasped and stemmed the stream, both hands going straight to her girlhood. She winced and doubled over, still holding back a huge amount of liquid. Her urethra stung badly.

”No no no!” The mysterious girl said, “dear god, don’t stop! You’re gonna hurt yourself!”

”Why are you watching me like that?”

”I- I just-“ she sighed. “I’ve never seen anyone pee that much. You must have really had to go.”

”I still really have to go,” she replied, turning red in the cheeks.

”Well, keep going. I basically already saw everything.”

Tia stepped in place, tightening her fists at her side. “I don’t want you to stare at me like that.” Her muscles were tired of holding. Even though she didn’t have as much urine in her, it was just as hard to keep the remaining liquid inside.

“Why were you holding on for so long?”

“Why are you so interested?” Tia asked with her hands between her legs. The girl shrugged and laughed.

”Holding your pee is fun.”

”Not really,” she replied incredulously.

”No, seriously. Think about how good it felt to release all that, and how good it’s going to feel when you empty yourself completely.” She put her hand on Tia’s bladder, causing Tia to retract a bit. “There’s still a lot,” she muttered, applying some pressure. Tia winced and pushed her hand away, but the girl was beginning to make sense to her. She wanted nothing more than to release everything. “Just go,” the girl told her.

Hesitantly, she hiked her dress up and squatted down.

”Wait,” the girl said, but Tia had already started going. A powerful stream hissed into the soil and died out after about forty seconds. She sighed and rubbed her belly, which was back to its flat and squishy state now that it was empty. The girl giggled. “I was gonna tell you to stand up like before, but that’s fine.” With that, the girl hiked up her skirt and squatted down in the same fashion as Tia did. Urine burst out of her, pattering loudly and puddling at her feet. It was only then Tia had realized that the girl had been uncomfortably doubled over the whole time they were talking, hiding her own desperation. Her stream took almost two minutes to finish.

”It wasn’t as long as yours, but I tried,” she giggled and stood back up.

”Do you do this often?” Tia asked.

”All the time. It feels better as you do it more often.”

Tia scratched her head. “What’s your name?”

”Ayana. Yours?”

”Tia.”

”I’ve seen you around sometimes. Listen, if you get what I’m saying, we should talk more, alright?” With that, Ayana sauntered off, leaving Tia with the most bizarre encounter she’d ever had.

To be continued...

*003*2019-04-24 05:15

{{On 4/23/2019 at 1:05 AM, huberp76 said:

A great story, thank you!

I love the style you write „ every drop she kept inside her body was punishing her for doing so „

Really great, i am waiting for the next part.

}}

{{23 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was fantastic I can't wait to read more

}}

Thank you! I’ll try to have the next installment up within two weeks.

