Four Desperate Passengers, and a Fern

Author: qtwee

*000*2023-01-15 04:02

I've had this fantasy in my head for a long time. Excited to finally attempt to bring it into reality! Hope you enjoy 😉

- Milo

Four Desperate Passengers, and a Fern

Author: Milo Snatch

Chapter 1

April really did not plan this well.

She was sitting on her boyfriend’s lap, squeezed between boxes and bins of their things piled to the roof in the backseat of his college roommate’s Subaru.

“Fuck!” The former roommate, Nova, yelled, laying hard on the horn, their blue and purple cropped sparkly hair whirling in frustration and a flush rising across pale, freckled cheeks, their black band t-shirt and grey sweats clinging to their skin on the hot LA summer day. Even their feet were sweating in their black sneakers.

“Love,” said a deep, soft voice from the front passenger seat, “They all heard you the first, second, fifth time. This isn’t making the traffic move any faster.”

“Yeah, yeah, I know babe” Nova sighed, leaning their head back and resting a hand on Milo’s thick bare thigh. His choice in dark green shorts and a white and green patterned button down shirt and comfortable sandals was enviable in the heat. “Makes me feel better for a bit, though.”

“That makes one of us. Hey—“ Milo turned around, adjusting the large potted fern between his thighs and peering back at the pair stacked in the backseat, his warm brown eyes under loose black curls meeting April’s gaze, a hint of dark facial hair adoring his upper lip and side burns. “Do either of you see my bag back there? I have some earplugs that would be really handy right about now.”

April did, in fact, see Milo’s bag, slumped unceremoniously behind his seat in the floorboard. “Uh, yeah, I see it,” she said, and paused, clenching her fists.

“….could you hand it to me?” Milo asked, confusion washing across his face as he noticed April’s tense demeanor.

“I can’t,” came a muffled sound from behind her, and half of Harper’s clean shaven, tanned face appeared around April’s shoulder. His blue eyed expression had his usual goofy grin on it underneath long sea salt covered dirty blond hair. A true lean Californian surfer boy in khaki shorts, blue tank top and flip flops. “Little stuck back here.”

“Hardy har. Or should I say, Harpy har,” Milo chuckled at his own joke. Nova groaned in response which only made Milo giggle harder.

“I can, yeah, I can get your bag,” April finally responded. She steeled her jaw and began bending over at the waist, her and Harper’s shared seatbelt digging into her lower abdomen along with the waist of her tight dark jean shorts. Her chest and belly stretched the fabric of her light purple t-shirt from a local LGBTQ charity event she’d volunteered at, and Harper couldn’t help but admire his gorgeous girlfriend from such a tantalizing angle, her buzzed brunette hair and long gold chain earrings glinting in the summer sunlight, juicy thighs spilling over his lap.

Whimpering softly, she extended her hand past her grey sneakers and grasped for the bag, missing it the first two times and, huffing, made one final lunge, grabbing a handful of the tan canvas fabric. She froze in place, a look of horror on her face.

“Whoa, April, you ok??” Milo asked, concerned, still twisted around in his seat. “You don’t look so good.”

“I—“ she began softly, looking down as she slowly righted herself, a deep pink blush rising from her chest to her forehead. She held the bag out to Milo without looking up, and mumbled something so softly no one could hear the words over the cacophony of random car horns chorusing around them.

“Sorry?” Milo asked.

“I HAVE TO PEE!” April bellowed, finally looking up to meet Milo’s surprised gaze. She felt Harper stiffen beneath her. “I’ve had to pee since we left but I thought it’d be a short drive and we’re already behind schedule and you both have been so nice I didn’t want to waste more time, but then we hit traffic and then it got worse, and we three—“ she gestured to herself, Harper and Milo”—had all those terrible IPAs while we were packing, and when I reached for your bag a little came out and now I’m about to piss on my boyfriend in the back seat of a someone’s car who I just met today and I’m… so…. SORRY!!” she wailed, tossing the bag at Milo and covering her teary eyed face in her hands.

The car fell silent, the only sounds being April crying quietly and the ever present heavy traffic noises outside. Harper wrapped his arms around April and hugged her tenderly, kissing the back of her neck.

“Well, guess I’m not the only one then,” Nova said finally, laughing wryly and running a hand through their hair. April looked up, sniffling, her honey brown eyes meeting their green ones in the mirror. “Look, I know we just met, but things happen,” Nova continued, expression softening. “If you need to piss in my car then you need to piss in my car. It’s not ideal, but also, you know, crying and being in pain isn’t ideal either. Worse, really.”

Nova moved one hand down over their sweatpants and grabbed themself firmly, wiggling in their seat. They looked over to Milo and said “Sorry I’ve been such a pain with the horn. I’ve had to piss so bad and sitting here isn’t making it any easier. Thanks to April’s honestly at least I can hold myself now, shit.” They scrunched up their forehead in concentration and stared ahead, rocking gently in their seat.

Milo reached over and rubbed Nova’s arm gently.

“Spiro?” He asked, dryly.

“The one and only. Bitch,” Nova huffed, squeezing themself tighter.

“If I may,” Harper’s muffled voice spoke up from the back. “My camping gear is in one of these boxes. I’m pretty sure my bear canister is in there and it’s 5 liters. Could be a useful solution?” He gently squeezed April’s shoulders in encouragement. “Also? I’m gonna need to pee soon as well. Damn IPAs.”

“Make that four of us, then,” Milo sighed from the front seat, tensing his thighs as far together as he could given the fern between them. “Also, what’s a bear canister?”

“Large heavy-duty plastic container to seal food and toiletries and anything a bear would want to eat inside while you’re backpacking,” Harper replied happily. “And waterproof. Which is helpful for us now, but in reverse!”

April’s tears had slowed down and as she rubbed her face with the back of her hand she started giggling quietly, which quickly caught on with the other three as they all began laughing at how ridiculous their situation was. “How did we do this so badly?” Nova cackled, grimacing as laughter jostled their bladder. “Four people desperate to pee, stuck in traffic for an hour and half, pinned in by the contents of an apartment with the best hope to fucking piss in a bear canister and hope no one around us looks over at the exact worst time.” Milo was giggling uncontrollably into the leaves of the fern, Harper and April collapsed together in the back, April’s hands now firmly gripping herself over her shorts to prevent more leaks as they all laughed and laughed.

“Thanks, y’all,” April finally said with a sigh when they began calming down. “I’m still very embarrassed but feeling better I’m not alon—“ She gasped quickly and sat upright. Harper felt a small moment of warmth on his right thigh, and his dick twitched in response. He hated seeing his girl in pain and discomfort, but something about this situation was turning him on. Focus, dude, he thought, Not the time! But he couldn’t help feeling pinned down in the most delicious way, stuck between two piles of boxes and his writhing girlfriend on his lap, gasping and moaning with the fear of letting go all over him, warmth seeping into his shorts and the cushion below. He shook his head quickly and rubbed her back.

“Ok, time to find that canister,” he said, looking around at the box labels. April just whimpered in response and held herself as tight as she could. Milo and Harper quickly stopped laughing, looks of concern on their faces at their new friend’s predicament, the air around the group sobering up just like the passengers with those IPAs long in the past. The reality of their situation was starting to creep in. If they didn’t find a viable option soon things were about to get very wet.

“Ah ha!” Harper said, pointing to the second box down on his right side with the word GEAR written on it. “There’s my camping supplies. Ok, how to get it out….?” April turned her head and started calculating how this was going to go. Her face paled. “I’m going to have to move these boxes around, aren’t I,” she said quietly. “Are there no other options? Any water bottles available? I’ll take anything!”

“No, none of us brought any water or drinks,” Milo said sadly.

“Could you hop out and move them maybe?” April asked him, but Nova was already shaking their head and answered, “Nope, this traffic is too touch and go and I’m in the left most lane, we can’t be sure if we’d stay still long enough to sort through your stuff without causing more of a ruckus. I don’t want to deal with angry drivers as four queer people today, especially with two of us being trans. Even in LA.”

“Yeah, you’re right,” April agreed, and groaned as she felt how heavy her bladder was pressing downward. “Ok! I can do this. I have to do this. Harp? You need to hold me while I’m looking otherwise I’m going to go, I’m so close.”

Harper quickly assisted, moving his hands over hers and pressing into her vulva. She moved her hands away and turned quickly to pick up the first box on her right. As she exerted herself, though, another spurt found its way out of her, warming Harper’s hand. “No!” April gasped, “Baby, you gotta hold me harder, zip down my shorts! Now!”

He quickly did as he was told, unbuttoning the jean shorts pulled tight against her extended abdomen and zipping her luscious belly free. Another stream escaped just as Harper pressed his fingers to the outside of her black underwear, shivering slightly at how warm and wet it felt as her hot pee ran over his fingers. His dick was definitely getting hard now. He hoped she wouldn’t notice.

April was mortified… and horny as fuck. She could feel Harp’s fingers pressed to her pussy lips, just below her throbbing clit, and it felt electric to realize how little control she had over her body right now, how wrong it felt to piss on her lover’s hand, and how much she’d actually love nothing more than to let go and flood her clothes and his lap.

But this wasn’t her car and she didn’t want to impose any more on Nova and Milo after all they had done to help them move. So she braced herself and picked up the top box once again, saying “Milo, can you hold this please?” and handed it to him. He twisted around and looked like he was concentrating hard to grab the box with his legs wide open. “Yep, no problem,” he said with a strained voice.

“I’m hurrying!” April said and quickly moved back and ripped open the top of the camping gear box. Thank god we didn’t use tape, she thought as she rifled through the contents and found what she was looking for: A large 5L heavy blue plastic cylinder with a wide mouth covered by a flat twist lid. “Got it!”

The others cheered as she closed the gear box up and received the other one back from Milo to toss on top. She almost didn’t care that she leaked again, the longer spurt spilling over Harper’s fingers and soaking through to her boyfriend’s khaki shorts below, because she was about to finally let it all go.

“Alright, Harp, let’s trade,” she said quickly, moving her hands to her sopping wet crotch. As Harper’s hands left her pussy, though, a strong jet of pee shot out of her tired body before she could place her own hands there, spurting through her clenched fingers and pooling in his lap. “NO!” She moaned, trying to stop the flow.

“Masturbate!” Milo commanded suddenly, eyes wide as he watched the piss flowing through April's fingers, unabashed in his gaze. They were all well past being embarrassed in this intimate space together, unified in their shared desperation. “It’ll help you hold!”

“Don’t mind if I do,” Nova moaned from the driver’s seat and they started rhythmically rubbing the firm mound between their legs. April quickly started swirling her middle finger over her clit, a thin layer of soaked underwear the only thing between them, as more liquid thundered its way out of her. “Hearing her piss is making this so much harder for me to stay dry.”

“It’s working!” April gasped as her stream finally slowed and stopped. “How did you know it would?”

Nova and Milo exchanged wry, knowing grimaces. “I hold often out in public,” Milo finally said, “Especially if I forget my piss dick at home. Not being able to stand to pee in men’s bathrooms makes me feel really exposed, I don’t always present as cis and someone could get suspicious of me in a stall.” He watched April’s head tilt back and a flush flood her face that had nothing to do with embarrassment. He tried squeezing his legs together again and groaned in frustration at the potted plant between them that was preventing him relief. His hand found its way down to his dick and he started palming himself, slowly, over his shorts. “I, uh, am also into piss play, so desperation is often my goal.”

“I can see why,” April sighed happily, continuing to swirl her finger around and around her clit. She felt full and about to burst again but touching herself was keeping it at bay. “Sorry about the mess, Harp.”

“Don’t you dare say sorry,” Harper growled from beneath her, grinding his stiff cock into her ass, one hand slick with her fluids holding on to the empty bear canister. April gasped in delight. “This is so hot, holy fuck.” His lap was sopping wet from April’s shower, it had flooded over and run down the outside of his thighs into the seat below. He felt so degraded to be pissed on, helpless, not able to move out of the way. He wanted more.

The invisible wall they hadn’t realized they were approaching was finally upon them. Two couples, writhing in desperation together in a car, were touching and grinding and moaning in a growing wave of passion and pleasure. They could either stop now and just focus on relieving themselves and laugh about it as platonic friends later, or they could all push through the wall and see where the path led to on the other side. Everyone’s heart was racing at the possibilities before them.

Nova and Milo locked eyes and grinned wildly, and April turned her head to witness the lust in Harper’s piercing blue eyes. “You ok with where this is going?” Harper whispered, and April nodded YES vigorously. “You?” She responded breathlessly as she continued to stroke herself, the soft sopping sound audible to everyone in the car.

In answer, Harper raised his voice and said “Nova, Milo… wanna get freaky?”

“I thought you’d never ask, hon,” Nova said with a wicked grin, putting the car in park and feeling grateful the traffic was stopped for now, their pace increasing as they touched themself and Milo moaned in agreement, sticking his hand down his shorts and underwear to stroke his dick directly with two fingers, one on either side, and let a thin trickle of pee escape and soak into his dry—for now—boxers.

*002*2023-01-23 17:38

Thank you so much!! Yesssss T4T is hot af hehe 😄 The second part will be coming along soon!

*003*2023-01-29 19:41

This one was very hot to write. I've been sitting on a towel and slowly and lazily leaking into it while typing the next chapter for these four kinky friends. There are explicit sex scenes and some light elements of BDSM power dynamics which I will list below. Read on if you wish, and enjoy!

- Milo

Content description:

@@cisgender genital sex Transfemme and transmasc non-op genital sexual scenes orgasm control/denial sexual degradation/humiliation (aka being used as a toilet) peeing inside of someone during sex

Chapter 2

Four passengers—two former college roommates Harper and Nova and their respective partners April and Milo—were jammed into a packed Subaru at a standstill in LA summer traffic. They all were desperately touching themselves to hold in their urgent needs to pee, the best hope being a shared plastic bear canister to collectively relieve themselves into.

And they were loving every second of it.

“I can’t hold this in much longer,” April moaned, rubbing her small, swollen clit frantically over her black wet panties she’d already leaked heavily through, her sopping wet ass grinding into the equally drenched lap of her boyfriend below.

“Let’s do this, baby,” Harper gasped as April ground over and over onto his long, rock hard dick. He unscrewed the cap of the blue 5L hard plastic container and started to help her pull her panties and dark denim shorts down.

“This is so hot, fuck,” Milo panted from the front passenger seat, his hand down his cotton green shorts stroking his fat dick with two fingers. He leaned over to lock lips with Nova, both of them groaning into each other’s mouths. Milo purposefully let go and spurted into his boxers again, whimpering, his legs held wide open by the large potted fern between them.

“You leaking over there?” Nova whispered, pulling away to look lustfully into his eyes.

“Y-yes,” Milo gasped.

“Good boy.”

Milo blushed deep red and whimpered, wishing his head was between Nova’s legs.

“Ok I’m ready!” April said quickly from behind them. She and Harper had pulled her panties and shorts halfway down her thighs and her bare pussy was hovering above his lap as she raised herself up, one hand bracing against the back of Nova’s seat and the other continuing to work circles over her clit, small leaks of piss splattering onto the outline of Harper’s cock.

Harper moved the canister underneath her. Nova and Milo both turned and stared in lurid anticipation.

“GO!” Harper commanded.

She didn’t wait a second longer. Hot piss erupted out of April’s pussy, splashing into the empty vessel. Her hand stopped working her clit as she let out an involuntary long sigh, eyes closed, mouth open, tongue out, face flushed with pure relief. Harper felt her liquid heat hit the base of the container pressed against his lap, the sides of the clear blue plastic beginning to fog from the hot, golden deluge. He felt the vibrations of the torrent as he held it, delight in his face at witnessing his girlfriend release herself fully on top of him. There was nothing he could do about it being wedged between boxes of their apartment in the backseat of this car. He loved this feeling of being pinned down and used. He felt pre-cum leak into his piss soaked boxers just thinking about his inability to move out of the way, that he had to take it, had to watch his cock stiffen while April pissed forcefully between his excited and shaking hands.

Nova and Milo stared openly in delight, too, their hands working themselves harder at witnessing this erotic spectacle unfold. The car fell into rapt silence except for the shhhhhhhhhh of April’s piss frothing in the canister, her whimpers of relief, and the soft sounds of the three witnesses grinding and caressing themselves in response.

HONK HOOOOOOONK

Everyone jumped.

“SHIT,” Nova gasped. They looked down to see a small wet patch appear on the grey fabric of their sweatpants. Milo stared in abject lust at his datemate starting to lose control. They lurched to put the car back in drive and moved forward, closing the large gap that had formed while everyone’s attention was in the backseat.

“Ahhh!”

Milo looked back in time to see April swaying off-balance as the car moved, piss still streaming out of her. It sloshed over the sides and spilled down over Harper’s hands as he tried to keep up with her pussy moving this way and that. He didn’t seem to mind, though, an expression of horny delight beaming across his face at this unexpected mini-game.

“How,” Milo said in awe. “How is this actually happening.”

“I’m almost done, yessss,” April crooned, her stream finally slowing.

“Good!” Nova gasped, looking down in time to see a small, clear fountain rush out of their sweats before they clamped a hand back to hold in the rest. “I’m next.”

“Want any assistance?” Milo asked, breathlessly.

“Yes.” Nova twisted their legs together and held themself tighter, teeth clenched. “I need to drive.”

“Fuuuuuuuck,” Milo panted, his wet front hole leaking juices into his boxers.

“DONE!”

April leaned forward after her last spurts concluded and Harper moved the canister out from underneath her. She fell back onto his soaked lap in utter relief. Harper looked in awe at how much had come out of his girl. Probably close to 1L total if including the rest on his lap and the seat beneath him. God I love curvy girls, he thought, Big girl, big bladder!

“Hand it up here! PLEASE!” Nova begged.

April grabbed the container of her hot piss from Harper and passed it up to Milo’s waiting hands. As she sank back down on top of her boyfriend she turned her head and said softly but firmly, “I want you inside me. Now.”

Harper released himself from his shorts in a flash and April sank her big, wet, juicy pussy down on his desperate cock.

“Fuuuuuuck yesssssss,” she moaned, grabbing her tits with piss soaked hands.

“The cisses are straight up fucking in your back sea—,” Milo giggled, turning his attention to Nova and stopping instantly once he saw what was happening.

A dark grey patch was growing bigger and bigger on Nova’s lap, spreading over their thighs. They looked stricken, staring ahead with both hands on the wheel as they continued to drive through the stop and go traffic.

“Milo, pleaaaaaase,” they begged, looking over with panicked eyes. “Grab me and point me in that fucking canister.”

Milo immediately fumbled with Nova’s waistbands, pulling out their long, half-hard leaking member. He pinched the tip which helped Nova stop the flow momentarily. He tried his best to direct them into the canister held in his other hand, but the steering wheel was preventing him from putting the large vessel below them completely, forcing him to settle with parting Nova’s thigh and placing it in between them.

Nova huffed, frustrated.

“I just want to let it all out, aahhhhh it’s so hard not too!”

“Just go,” Milo said soothingly.

“It’ll get all over my steering wheel! And, dials! And dashboard and shit!”

“You’re gonna have to get this car deep cleaned anyway, what harm could some additional piss do at this point?”

Another leak escaped past Milo’s pinched fingers.

“Mmmmm FINE, let me go, let me go NOW,” Nova whined.

Milo let go.

A spluttering fountain of piss erupted out of Nova, shooting past the canister and onto the steering wheel. They watched in awe as liquid started pooling in the ledge below the dials and running down the front of the wheel, drops springing off and peppering both of their white knuckled hands and flowing down to patter quietly onto their shins below.

“Arrggghhh I can’t stop!!”

Milo adjusted the spray so piss started splashing into the canister. Mostly. A lot was also splattering onto their thighs and seat and dripping down Milo’s hand. But Nova finally physically relaxed for the first time in the past couple of hours, the arc strengthening as they gave in to the experience.

“Ahhh I can’t stop,” they purred, head tilting back as far as they could while still keeping an eye on the road, relief dripping from their voice like honey. The canister volume rose higher, Nova’s urine mixing with April’s in the shared temporary toilet. Milo was beside himself, gripping Nova with one hand and furiously rubbing his dick with the other. He let out strong spurts while watching Nova’s fountain, cupping his hand to receive his liquid and then pressing its heat against him, again and again. He slipped a wet finger into his front hole and palmed his dick, grinding into his piss and sex soaked hand. He was getting closer and closer to coming with every moment.

The car came to a halt again and Nova looked blissfully over, panting and reveling at Milo staring at them, knowing what it was doing to their shy, piss-loving boyfriend. A devilish grin crept over them as they saw Milo’s shorts darkening with every thrust into his hand, his new voice cracking all over the place with each desperate pant. Nova’s pee was slowing, no longer able to reach past the lip of the container. They didn’t care anymore. It felt too GOOD to stop. The weakened stream flowed out of them, dribbling down their boyfriend’s hands clasped around their quickly stiffening self and soaking into their underwear and pants and seat below.

“That’s enough,” Nova commanded, watching Milo bucking closer and closer to another kind of relief.

Milo couldn’t help but keep grinding, so close, so close!!

“I said enough,” Nova snarled, reaching over and pulling Milo’s hand out of his shorts. “You finish when I say so.”

Milo just writhed in his seat, trying yet again to press his thighs together and failing, groaning, too much enjoyment at being denied keeping him from fully vocalizing his pleasure.

Nova purred, “Good boy. You’ll get to cum soon, don’t you worry.”

A deep voice erupted from the backseat.

“Don’t stop! Yes! YES! AHHH!!”

April had been taking Harper’s slick dick the entire time she watched Nova’s predicament, ecstatic relief and Milo’s horny responses, twiddling her clit while witnessing such a profoundly taboo and erotic sight unfold. It felt incredible. But apparently even more so for the twitching Harper beneath her, his full bladder being pounded incessantly by her ass as April moved up and down on his cock for her pleasure. He could’t take another second longer before exploding inside her and yelling out, convulsing again and again as his hot cum spurted into her pussy.

“GOD, baby, you feel so GOOD!”

“Couldn’t help yourself, could you?” April crooned, turning her flushed face back and grinning at Harper, gasping, behind her.

“Absolutely not,” he sighed, weakly, leaning his sweaty forehead on her back, his dick softening inside of her. “Mmmmmf I kind of had to pee before but now I really have to after you bounced all over my bladder. FUCK that felt so good. I had no idea it could feel that good.”

“You’re next, then,” Nova commanded from the front seat, grabbing the canister and handing it back to April. They continued to slowly leak the rest of their piss as they started grinding into Milo’s hand, quickly becoming harder and harder with each thrust. “Milo needs to learn some patience. No more holding yourself, ok, little boy?”

“Mmmhmm,” Milo hummed in agreement and bit his lip, watching Nova use their hand for their pleasure, rocking his own hips to the same rhythm and finding no purchase, his other hand clenched tight on his dampened thigh.

April looked at the steaming canister in her hands, the pungency and naughtiness of what they all were doing very apparent in its contents. They still had a good 3.5L of space to fill after Nova’s messy fountain barely fell into it, but it was going to be awkward for Harper to use it successfully given their seating predicament. Her pussy clenched around his softening dick still inside her at the thought of watching her boyfriend try and fail to accurately pee into it.

She felt a sudden flush of warmth deep within her.

“Mmmmmm,” Harper sighed, resting against her. “Looks like I couldn’t wait.”

“Oh fuck, oh FUCK,” April gasped, quickly returning her fingers to her clit and coming hard at the surprise of Harper pissing involuntarily inside of her pussy. His warmth continued to spurt sporadically, stop and go as he adjusted to this new experience and she clenched around him, his piss, cum and her sex seeping out of her and spreading over his slick lap as her orgasm wracked over her body in waves.

“My car is getting absolutely wrecked,” Nova sighed, eyeing the couple from the rearview mirror as juices soaked further into their backseat cushion, some flowing down to the floorboard below.

“Ah shit, sorry,” Harper grunted, clenching and stemming his flow as April gasped once more and collapsed on top of him for the second time today.

“No, no need to apologize,” Nova chuckled. “It’s already wrecked, might as well enjoy it. Ahh—“ they gasped as Milo rubbed a slick finger over their tip, their humping increasing in response. “Time for you to piss for us, Harper.”

“Happy to,” he sighed and yawned, post-cum sleepiness already claiming him.

“And time for you to start holding until you can’t anymore,” Nova purred at their kinky piss-boy boyfriend. Milo met their gaze, an excited flush creeping up his neck as his dick twitched at the thought. He nodded in quick agreement, already feeling his bladder filling more and more as they both looked back in anticipation of their friend—or maybe now more than a friend?—soon adding his piss to April and Nova’s, the four of them feeling closer to each other than ever before while desperately trapped in traffic.

*007*2023-05-29 00:32

Hello again! I've returned with another installment for these four kinky friends. I can't guarantee a certain frequency that I'll be able to write, so be sure to follow the thread to be notified when I do post chapters. Thanks for your kind comments, and enjoy!

❤️ Milo

Sexual + BDSM content description:

Transfemme non-op genital sexual scene orgasm control/denial bathroom control/denial sexual degradation/humiliation

Chapter 3

Harper peed lazily, sighing blissfully, as his girlfriend hovered over his lap and pointed his dick into a tilted bear canister in the back of his college roommate’s car.

“It feels so good to finally let go,” he sighed, eyes closed and a happy grin on his lips.

“It feels so good to watch you go,” April said, relishing in feeling her boyfriend’s piss move through his cock in her hand.

“Agreed,” Milo sighed from the front seat. “Oh, ah, looks like it’s going to overflow—?”

The canister, tilted to receive Harper’s stream as he sat in the middle of the backseat, could no longer hold April, Nova, and now Harper’s piss in such a position and began overflowing down the side, soaking in to the carpeted floor mats.

“It’s fine,” Nova said, watching the scene in the mirror from the driver’s seat, “We can piss all over the car at this point, I’ll get it deep cleaned regardless. This is LA, I'm sure we’re not the only freaks doing kinky shit in cars out here. Oh!”

The stop and go traffic they’d been sitting in for over 30 minutes was finally starting to clear and Nova could increase their speed and get everyone to Harper and April’s new place, the original goal of this entire trip.

“Looks like I need to start actually driving again, babe,” they said, looking over the Milo and then down to their lap where he was still pumping them, hand slick with Nova’s piss and pre-cum. “Pause this til later?”

“For sure,” Milo sighed, returning his hands to his lap. He felt a twinge in his still desperate bladder which wasn’t being helped by the sound of Harper’s stream trickling into the canister and onto the floor. He huffed at the potted fern still between his thighs.

“You and this fern really have a tumultuous relationship,” Nova chuckled, putting the blinker on and finally bringing the car off the highway.

“It makes it so much harder to hold,” Milo whined. “I’m at a 6 right now but it feels like an 8 because I can’t close my goddamn legs.”

“Tsk tsk… such an attitude,” Nova scolded. “Don’t blame the plant because you were so greedy earlier, you brought this on yourself. What did I tell you this morning?”

Milo blushed and looked out the passenger window.

“….Milo? What did I tell you.”

“That I could only come today if you were the one to do it.”

“That's right. So this naughty boy is going to be played with for much longer to teach him a lesson before that becomes a reality,” they said firmly. “Is that clear?”

“Yes, Mx,” Milo crooned, shivers running up and down his spine at their game. He looked back and caught Nova’s eyes. The two exchanged wicked grins. He loved handing over bathroom and orgasm control to Nova. They took such good care of him and gave what both of them knew he really wanted: Utterly depraved servitude.

“Y’all are cute,” April said, grinning, finally putting the lid back on the canister, Harper’s dick having finished his piss and been stowed back in his pants. “Perverted. And cute.”

“That’s the dream,” Nova responded cheerily. “And here’s another dream come true: We’re here!!”

The car stopped at the curb and the four of them looked out.

A stepping stone path led around a building through fine gravel, down an alleyway, and to an iron gate door. The top of a roof peaked out above it.

There was a moment’s pause when the reality of their situation settled back in.

“Oh. Right. We’re all covered in pee,” April said matter of factly, hearing her and Harper’s shorts squelching as she readjusted on his lap.

“There is that,” Nova chuckled, which made Milo giggle, and once Milo starts giggling his laugh infects everyone around him, and once again the friends were guffawing together in the car at the predicament they’d put themselves in.

“This is wild, Nov,” Harper said from the backseat as the laughter started quieting down. “Thanks for being such a good sport about it all.”

“Ahh it’s no problem,’ Nova sighed, wiping tears from their eyes. “You’re just cashing in on all the late nights you helped my drunk ass out back in the dorm.”

“Ohhh right!! Like that one time you were so wasted and tired you just peed all over your bed—“

“MILO HOW ‘BOUT YOU GO CHECK IT OUT,” Nova interjected loudly, but not before Milo raised an eyebrow at them. They huffed loudly. “Sure, yeah, fine, I purposefully wet the bed once, whoop dee doo, now get your currently piss soaked ass out of here and see if anyone’s around so we can get inside.”

“I need to hear this story sometime,” Milo said eagerly, accepting the key April handed him and unbuckling his seatbelt.

“Be a good boy and you’ll get that and more,” Nova winked.

Blushing happily, Milo opened the car door and wiggling his way out around the fern, finally able to bring his thighs together as he stood upright.

Too bad gravity also acted on him standing up and tugged his bladder down, bending him over with a groan at the wave of desperation that hit him.

April gasped from the car as the three of them watched him bend over and regain composure. “Oh noooo, his shorts are soaked! They’re so noticeable! Should we tell him?!”

Nova chuckled. “He already knows and loves it, the little slut. He’ll be more than ok. But thanks for thinking of that.”

Milo did indeed know, and did indeed love it. He straightened up and began walking, the movement helping him settle into his desperation level of a comfortable 7. He could feel how wet his shorts were, which gave him an electric thrill that someone looking at a window nearby could notice. But he didn’t spot anyone doing just that as he walked to the gate and unlocked it. He entered a cute courtyard, the paving stones weaving through grass now to a short set of stairs leading to a covered porch. The placement of the courtyard and the tall plants and landscaping, in addition to the surrounding house’s walls and their lack of courtyard facing windows, made this place intimate and private. He walked up the stairs, unlocked the door, and stepped inside.

A small, quaint home greeted him: hardwood floors and a tiled kitchen, light green stucco walls, bright windows, 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, and April and Harper’s sparse furniture and belongings brought on previous trips they’d made with other friends haphazardly strewn about.

Milo grabbed his phone out of his pocket and texted the group chat, absentmindedly palming his dick over his shorts and shivering at how damp and cold they felt:

Milo

No people around, all clear - cute house!

Harper

Sick! thanks man, on our way

The other three friends shuffled quickly to the house, some of their clothes still wet enough to leave droplets of piss on the stepping stones, and only when everyone was inside was there a collective sigh of relief.

“YES! We made it!” April cheered. “Whew! Alright. Harp and I have some stuff here so let’s see what we’ve got to make us more comfortable…”

The next couple of hours were filled with happy conversation and refreshening of bodies. Everyone took a shower and finally got dry, and some clothes were lended to Nova and Milo as everyone’s piss soaked outfits were churning in the washing machine: Nova was given a black pair of sweatpants, black sports bra, and white t-shirt, and Milo a pair of blue jeans and a black tank. April put on a purple and gold flower muumuu, and Harper threw on basically the same outfit of khaki shorts but a green tank this time.

Final items were brought in from the car, the windows of which were cracked open to let fresh air in to hopefully start drying things off. At one point, April brought the sloshing bear canister in and was making her way to the toilet to dispose of their piss when Nova stopped her in the hallway and said “Oh I’ve got that.” April thanked them and left, but instead of pouring it down the toilet, they went outside and tucked it away under the porch. “Just in case,” they chuckled, walking back inside.

After all the tasks had been completed, and once sushi and beer were delivered in celebration, the four found themselves outside sitting in a circle on the grass, eating, drinking, laughing, and watching the sky turn gold to orange to red as the evening crept further along into night.

It was at this point that Milo, having been fidgeting for the past half hour, stood up quickly and clutched his hands to his crotch, face contorting in that sweet combination of pleasure and pain.

“Mx! PLEASE. I don’t know how much longer I can hold it. Oh FUCK I’ve never had to go this bad before, mmmmm, I might start leaking soon, oh my god, oh my GOD. I must be close to a 10 now, mmf, please please please can I please pee…??!” He stood there, panting, bent over, pleading eyes seeking Nova’s to know what his fate would be.

An electric silence fell over the group.

Milo continued bouncing and bobbing in the stillness, time slowing, everyone pausing to consider what would happen next, stealing glances at the other’s faces. It was one thing to be randomly forced into a desperate predicament in a car, the tension building and a “Well, fuck it, let’s just let go and enjoy the experience” energy bringing the two couples together into a shared sexual encounter.

But to choose it? To choose to go back to that place when there wasn’t a practical need to? Milo could go inside right now and use the toilet to relieve himself. They weren’t trapped in a car anymore. If they all chose to indulge in piss play, together, AGAIN…. What would that mean? How much further would they go together? Where could this end up?

Nova clear their throat.

“Harp, April…. Look, I don’t really know where this might go, but…. I do know it was so much fucking fun to do what we all did earlier today. So… would you maybe want to… continue?”

Harper and April looked at each other, checking in.

“I had a lot of fun,” April whispered. “You?”

“Yeah… yeah I really did,” Harper whispered back. He turned back to the other couple and raised his voice. “We both really enjoyed that, too! Umm, but… I do have, um, just some questions? To sort out before we do anything more than we did earlier? Just like, feeling safe and supported all that, you know?”

“Oh, absolutely!” Nova responded happily.

Milo whimpered again and dug his hands further into his crotch.

“Ah, yes, how about this,” Nova said quickly after glancing back at Milo, “We only go as far as we already have for now, and then when things are not quite so… urgent, we can discuss limits and boundaries? What do you think?”

Harper physically relaxed, smiling again. “Sounds great! So me and April can touch and fuck and, well, piss on each other if we want…” he trailed off in a happy haze for a moment before snapping back to the present. “And you two can touch and fuck and piss on each other, and we can all watch this happening, but we won’t cross any of those lines between the couples until we’ve talked about it?”

“Sounds great to me!” April exclaimed happily.

“Same!” Nova responded. “And I know Milo’s limits and can vouch that he’s good with that for now, too. Right, babe?”

Milo just stood there, nodding furiously, sweat beading on his forehead. “Yes, yes, I am so ok with you watching me desperate, mmmm it turns me on so much. Harp, I don’t want to piss in your jeans without your permission but that might imminently happen, is that ok??”

“Uh yea— YES, that’s ok with me,” Harper said, swallowing, his throat suddenly dry and his dick twitching at the thought. “Very good with me if that ha- happens.”

“Oh, is that going to happen, little boy?” Nova crooned, shifting their energy back to their whimpering, desperate boyfriend about to completely flood his jeans. “Are you going to piss yourself in front of us like the horny piss-slut you are?”

Milo’s mouth opened in a silent, pleasurable scream. He didn’t make a sound as a sudden dark jet of hot piss burst from his crotch and soaked into the left thigh. Harper and April both gasped in awe and delight at the show.

“What a naughty boy, pissing in Harper’s jeans. Get over here, now.” Nova stood up and gestured for Milo to kneel in front of them. He quickly did as he was told, gripping his groin to stem the flow and stop more pee from spurting out.

“You’re going to finish what you started this morning,” Nova whispered, pulling their quickly hardening self out of their pants and immediately putting it in Milo’s mouth. “And if you can hold the rest of your piss until I cum in that pretty mouth of yours, you can cum today, too. But if not…?” They twisted their fingers into the back of Milo’s hair and started fucking his mouth. “You’ll be my orgasm-less toilet until tomorrow. Do you agree to these conditions?”

Milo could finally speak again and groaned in immense pleasure.

“I need to see your non-verbal consent, slut,” Nova growled, their pleasure rising quickly, Harper and April starting to stroke each other through their clothes, watching the show unfold.

Milo’s eyes widened, but he knew better than to disobey Mx. Nova. He also knew he was set up to fail, that the only option was for him to be Nova’s toilet the rest of the evening, but he didn’t care. All he needed to do was piss, and piss NOW. He’d been holding it all afternoon and it was all he could think about anymore. He had to let go. He had to flood himself in front of Nova and Harper and April. He craved being a piss slut. He had to pee all over himself. He had to he had to he had to he—

He pulled his hands away from his crotch and made rock and roll horns with both hands—the agreed upon silly but effective non-verbal consent sign between the two of them—and immediately started pissing full force into his pants, his eyes fully rolling back into his head and arms falling limp by his sides, muffled moans of pleasure not escaping his mouth due to Nova fucking it harder and harder with each thrust.

“That’s RIGHT, my slut, piss yourself, fucking piss yourself, oh FUCK, I can feel it spreading to me feet, I’m going to— I’m coming I’m—AHHHHH!!!!”

Nova thrust once more into Milo’s mouth, shuddering, then pulled back and collapsed onto the ground. Milo still knelt on his knees, swallowing, flow uninterrupted, hissing into Harper’s jeans, completely drenching himself and the ground around him. The jeans were soaked down the front and back of both thighs, and along the front of his calves. The puddle spread further and further and started to soak into Nova’s sweats where they lay, panting, but they could care less even though these were April’s pants getting soaked.

After a long, long time, Milo’s stream slowed. The glistening liquid came only in spurts down his thighs. And then, finally, it stopped.

“Fuuuuuuuuuuck,” April said, breaking the quiet.

“Agreed,” Nova spoke to the sky, still laying on their back in Milo’s puddle.

“Wow,” Harper whispered, dick tenting out his shorts.

Milo just sat back on his heels, utterly spent, pure bliss spread across his face.

“Well, then,” April said, glancing mischievously over at Harper. “Shall we continue?”

