The Fairy: A Seven-Part Story

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-11-11 04:40

Part One

Contains: Desperation, explicit urination, some nudity

One day while walking through the forest, I came upon a couple of tiny creatures. They had white, translucent wings on their backs, and their bodies seemed to be covered (though not well) with a kind of leafy material. They were drinking from a stream. The sight was truly astonishing. I had never encountered fairies before, though I'd heard the tales. I heard that they were peaceful creatures, though they often played tricks on gullible humans. I knew they were going to be my next catch.

I'm an insect collector. I go through the forest and catch bugs and spiders to study. Then, after a week or two, I let them go. So little was known about these creatures, so I knew I was going to be a sensation once I publish my findings.

I snuck up behind them. A stick crunched beneath my feet, causing them to see me and take shelter in a nearby tree.

"No, wait!" I called after them, "there's no reason to be afraid! I'm a scientist. I want to study your species! I mean you no harm!" They didn't come out. I went up to the tree they entered and peeked in. There, I saw a tunnel leading far into the Earth. This was amazing! I'd discovered a colony of fairies!

I ran and got some edible berries, which I put right on the ground in front of the tree. Then I went into a nearby bush and waited. I waited until the sun went down. I was nodding off when I heard a faint sound. I arose from my slumber and saw a small, female fairy fluttering down from the tree. She went for the berries, though cautiously. She knew something was up. 'Such a clever creature,' I thought to myself. Though she wasn't clever enough. I took my chance and leapt, catching her in my hands.

"Gotcha!" I said, feeling her flutter around madly in my cupped palms. I rushed back to my secluded cabin and put her into an insect jar, which I put on my shelf. She looked scared, which made me feel guilty for only a moment. I had to remind myself that these were only insects with human traits, though the human traits were much more defined than I thought. She looked just like a real person, her wide eyes staring back at mine. Her leafy dress covered very little, and she was rather cute.

She was pressed against the other side of the jar, evidently trying to get as far away from me as possible. Her legs were brought up to her chest, giving me a full view of her underside. Was I really attracted to this creature? I suppose I was, similar to the way someone is attracted to a drawing or something. I wouldn't make love to her, of course. She was no bigger than my hand. It's just that everything about her was the same as a human, her pussy visible from under her dress, a little bit of her left nipple peeking out from above it.

"Don't be afraid, little one," I said, "I mean you no harm. In a couple of weeks, you'll be free to go back to your colony." She didn't seem to understand me. She still looked scared. I filled a bottlecap up with water. "I'm going to open the top now," I said, "don't fly out, there's nowhere to go." As soon as the top was open, she tried to dart out. I immediately covered it with my hand when I saw her take flight, and she raced quickly into my palm. It stung a little bit. I removed my hand to see her dazed and dizzy. I placed the bottlecap in the jar and placed the top back on.

"I'll study you in the morning, little one," I said, and turned out my bedside light. I slept well.

In the morning, I immediately went over to the jar with my fairy inside. She was fast asleep, curled into a ball on the ground. All the water in the cap was gone. I refilled it and placed it back in there with her with ginger movements, careful not to wake her, though when I put the cap back on I was a little too loud. She awoke with a start, her eyes darting around the room. She looked right at me through the glass.

"I didn't mean to do that," I said. "Can you understand me?" She only stared back at me. I felt a night's worth of liquid pulsing in my belly, so I went outside and urinated. I looked in the window, only to see the fairy staring back at me. I felt embarrassed, even knowing she wasn't an actual human. When I went back inside, I put the jar on my desk and began sketching her. She was still curled up and scared. I studied her for hours before my hunger overpowered my curiosity. "Are you hungry, little one?" I asked her. After eating my own breakfast, I went outside and picked some berries. When I returned, all the water in the cap was once again gone.

"You only drink when I'm not here, huh?" I asked. "You'll probably do the same when you're eating. I'll leave you be." She didn't try to fly out when I changed her water this time. I dropped the berries in there and shut the lid, putting her back on the shelf. I left the house to get supplies from the village. When I got back, the sun was already setting again. I felt tired from my journey. I checked on the fairy. All of her water was once again gone, and only a few berries remained. She was still curled up, though. I changed her water, ate, and went to bed. In the silent dark, though, I heard a slight tapping. I ignored it for a while, but it was incessant. I turned on the light to find the source of it, only to find it was the fairy. She was standing up now, looking at me. I climbed out of bed and went up to her.

"What's the matter, little one?" I asked. She pointed toward the window. "No, no," I laughed, "you can't leave just yet. I've still got more work to do." She pointed with more energy, looking frantic and pleading. Her legs were pressed together, one of her hands balled into a fist at her side. "Ohhh," I said, understanding. "You need to pee, right?" She only looked back at me. "Sorry about that," I chuckled, "I'm so used to bugs just doing their business wherever. I wonder how I'm going to go about this with you." She tapped on the glass and pointed to the window again, doing a bit of a dance. She was bobbing up and down a little, her fist shaking at her side. A wave had clearly hit. I retrieved another bottlecap and dropped it in there.

"Use that," I said. She didn't. She continued tapping and pointing. I looked through my drawers for something, anything, to allow this little fairy to do her business without escaping. She was writhing and lurching forward as I searched, her pleading taps becoming louder and more incessant. "I'm working on it, little one," I said, hoping she can hold it long enough for me to get something. After almost a half hour of looking, I realized that they must be used to going outside. I brought in one of my potted plants and put it on my desk.

"Alright, little one, I don't know if you can understand me, but I'm going to let you out. There's no use in trying to escape, my doors and windows are locked up tight. I want you to go in the soil in that pot over there, okay?" She tapped and pointed the whole time I was talking, her legs dancing frantically. I opened the top, grabbed her, and put her in the soil on the plant. She immediately began flying around the room, up to the windows and the cracks in the door.

"In here!" I said, pointing to the pot. She didn't listen to me. I noticed that her flying was much more erratic than what I witnessed in the forest. Instead of the gracefulness she had then, it was choppy and inconsistent, like a hurt bird. I wrote this down in my notes. There could be a number of reasons for this. She could have hurt herself flying into my hand, or I hurt her when I caught her. Her wings might become weaker with misuse, as is the case with many flying insects. She appeared to have realized her efforts were useless, or she couldn't hold it any longer, because as I was writing she flew down to the pot, hitched up her leafy dress, and absolutely exploded. She wasn't squatting, which I found odd. She was standing, bent at the knees, pulling her labia apart with her hand. I was surprised at the power of her stream, though I should have expected it. To someone her size, a single bottlecap was probably like a liter.

I watched her go, feeling a bit mesmerized. I was getting hard, too. I noticed that there was some hair on her pussy, yet another detail that made her feel more human. Her legs were shaking a bit, probably from the immense relief she must have been feeling. I watched as her stream died down to a drip. She didn't even shake to dry, she simply pulled her dress back down and looked out the window. It seemed she was longing for escape, though she wasn't scared anymore. I scooped her up and put her back in the jar, to which she didn't resist. She simply lied down and went to sleep. As I put the lid back on, I noticed some droplets of moisture on my hand. I smelled it and realized it was her urine. I peered at the puddle she left in the pot, making me feel even more horny. I hadn't thought about my fetish in a long, long time. It's been nothing but work for so long. I can't remember the last time I jerked off.

I looked back at her. Curled up sleeping, her underside visible under her dress again. It seemed she was deep in slumber. I turned out the light and my hand found its way under the covers. I thought about the fairy, how badly she must have needed to go, and for so long. Almost a full twenty-four hours with no relief, including however long before she was caught. I thought about her frantic eyes, her desperate dance, and how it must feel to have a bursting bladder while flying around the room like that. Her pee must have been sloshing around like crazy.

I finished on that thought, then drifted into slumber.

*001*2018-11-11 05:33

Part Two

Contains: Urination, pooping, full nudity, some desperation, masturbation.

That morning when I woke up, I refilled the little one's bottle cap. She groggily arose, then flew out of the jar and immediately urinated in the pot. "Such a clever creature," I said to myself. She had a pretty strong stream, but nothing compared to what she had last night. When she finished, she went back to staring out the window. "Back in the jar, little girl," I said, but she didn't go back. I went to pick her up, but she took a step back. "Oh, well. You won't do any harm out here, I'm sure," I said, though I did need to pee. Waiting until she was ready to return to the jar was the least I could do, after accidentally making her hold it all of yesterday. I sat in my chair and began sketching her. She was gazing out the window again, her face reflecting sadness and longing. "You need a name, little one," I told her. "How about... Nia?" She glanced at me, then looked back outside. I think it suited her.

After a long time of sketching and writing, my lower half constantly shifting and twisting, I decided I couldn't wait any longer.

"Alright, Nia, it's time to go back in your jar," I said, retrieving it. I went to grab her, but she fluttered away onto the desk. "Please, Nia, I really have to go!" I said, squeezing myself. She glanced down at my hand and I once again felt embarrassed. I quickly snatched her up and put her in the jar, then I rushed outside and pissed. I hadn't had to go that bad in a long time. I wondered if I squeezed her a little too hard when I did that. She was very fragile, I needed to remember that. When I returned, I let Nia out of her jar again. She didn't come out right away, and she seemed confused.

"I'm sorry if I hurt you before, Nia. You can come out now." She fluttered out as if she understood what I said. For a second, I thought she did, but there was no way. I kept forgetting that she was just an insect, not a person.

She let me pull her wing out that day to sketch it. She looked at me confused. I was careful not to hurt her, and I think she noticed that. They seemed to be very trusting. Once she found that I wasn't here to hurt her, she was far more comfortable around me.

I looked up and noticed that she was watching me draw. I held it up for her to look. Her face was blank, but curious. I continued drawing. A little later, she began shifting around a big. Her face reflected discomfort and she was holding her stomach.

"Are you hungry?" I asked. I got some of the berries out of her jar. "They're still good." She didn't take them. I kept on sketching, and she kept on shifting. I heard a small squeak. I looked at her, confused, then laughed when I realized what she did. "Stomach troubles, Nia?" I asked, and she only looked at me. She made a face of discomfort again a little while later, and this time released a much longer fart. She got up and began hurriedly digging a small hole in the soil. Once she was satisfied with the size, she hiked her skirt up and squatted over it.

A few more farts escaped her before she relieved herself of two day's worth of poop. It was a lot for her size, I thought. She pushed the soil over her mess and pulled her skirt back down. I noticed she didn't wipe with anything, and I began wondering how they bathed. She fluttered over to her jar and drank her cap, which I replaced immediately. It reminded me of my own thirst, and I got a tall glass of water for myself. Nia fluttered back over to my desk. She began loosening her dress at the top, then stripped it off entirely.

"What are you doing, Nia?" I asked, intrigued. I hadn't seen her completely nude yet. I took a sip of my water and she watched me with a confused look on her face. When I put the glass back down, she looked in the cup and seemed to inspect the water with her hand. Then, she climbed in. She scrubbed her face and body with her hands and fluttered back out a minute later. She pulled her dress back on without waiting to dry.

At night, I was still hard at work and Nia was still watching my pencil go. She yawned tiredly, then retreated back to her jar. It seemed she considered that her bed. I put that down in my notes, then went to sleep myself. In the dark, I looked at her jar and wondered what she was dreaming about, though I detected some movement from there. I squinted, but I couldn't see. I rose from my bed to get a closer look, and I was astounded at what I saw. Her hand was down between her legs, rubbing her pussy under her dress. Her toes were curling and uncurling, her small breathing rapid. Her eyes were closed, her free hand on her breast. She went until climax, then saw me watching. She sat up and looked back at me, though she didn't seem embarrassed at all. It seemed like she was wondering why I was watching her.

I went back to my bed and began masturbating, though I was so tired I didn't finish. I dreamt about Nia.

*003*2018-11-11 18:01

Part Three

Contains: Extreme desperation,

I woke up extremely horny the next morning. I groggily glanced over to Nia fast asleep in her jar. I replaced her water, then I went outside, pissed, and picked some berries for Nia. When I came back, she was already awake and had drank her water. I opened the top and dropped the berries in there. She went to fly out, but I covered the top with my hand.

"Stay there right now, Nia," I said tiredly. I replaced her bottlecap and put the top back on. She looked at me confused. I sat down and began organizing everything I wrote down. I had a lot of information to put into book form. Sketches, observations, theories... More than anyone else had ever gotten about Fairies. This would take a long time.

I heard Nia tapping on the glass, her indication that she needed to pee. I ignored her. She was silent for a few minutes, then began tapping again, this time a bit louder. I didn't even look over there. Though I was organizing data, my mind was on Nia, and how a full night's worth of liquid was sitting in her bladder, pulsing and throbbing, yearning to be released. I wondered how long she could last in there without relief. Minutes later, the tapping was becoming incessant. I resisted the urge to look over there. I didn't want her to know that I was ignoring her, lest she become less trusting. I pretended to not hear her.

After a while, though, I began trying to see her in my peripheral vision, completely ignoring the work I was supposed to be doing. I turned my head a little in her direction, pretending to examine a document, and saw her desperately twisting and lurching forward. When she wasn't tapping the glass, both hands were squeezing her crotch. She was either doing high-steps or her legs were crossed and bent. Many minutes passed, and I was surprised that she was lasting this long. Her pee dance was becoming more frantic, her legs moving madly around. She marched around her jar, wriggled around, and even dropped to her knees at one point. Both of her hands were buried in her lap, and I could tell she was scooting into her heel, the movement similar to the way a girl would ride a dick.

I shook that thought out of my head. I didn't like being so vulgar, but my current mindset was overriding my modesty. Nia was truly desperate. I heard a high-pitched squeak emanate from the jar, and I looked up in surprise. I saw Nia staring back at me with wide eyes. It wasn't a fart, it was her voice.

I went up to her and looked at her desperately squeezing herself. She began tapping the glass again and pointing at the pot, but I wanted to hear her speak again. I pretended to start walking away, and she did it again.

"Fascinating!" I said aloud. It was previously believed that Fairies had no vocal chords. I ran to my desk and wrote this down. She seemed to only use them in dire circumstances. I went back to the jar and examined her. She was looking back at me with pleading eyes, wondering why I won't let her find relief. I opened the top of the jar and took her out, but I held her in my palm instead of letting her fly free. She squirmed in my hand, her tiny wings fluttering in vain. I felt her abdomen with my ring finger and found a hard bump jutting out of her leafy dress. Her attire must be painful if it was bulging out like that.

I applied a bit of pressure to it and she writhed in agony, her face contorted in pain. Nia looked like she was about to cry. I felt guilty for a moment, but I had to remind myself that she was just an insect, not a human. Still, I wouldn't torture a beetle. I put her back in the jar and closed the top. She was constantly bending over, struggling to contain the massive amount of urine that was being contained inside her body. Nia was clearly suffering, but that wasn't on my mind at the time. It was astoundingly hot, seeing her need to go this badly. When she was standing right, her bladder was visibly poking out of her stomach. She squeaked, tapping loudly on the glass. Then she squeaked again. I looked up, her pleading face once again making me feel guilty. 'Maybe I should just let her go...' I thought, but it was too late.

Drops of pee fell from underneath her, then she quickly hiked her dress up and burst all over the floor of the jar. Her stream was loud, and even stronger than the first one. Her head fell back, her eyes were closed, and her face reflected pure bliss. The relief she was feeling must have been astounding. Her legs shook a bit as she emptied the contents of her tortured bladder, urine splattering all over the bottom and walls of the jar. She went for almost a full minute before it died down to a drip. There was so much pee in the jar that it pooled up almost to her ankles. She pulled her dress back down and lifted one foot up out of the pee, clearly not wanting to be in there anymore. She put her hand over her nose and mouth, I suppose from the smell.

I filled a glass up with water, then I picked her up out of the jar and placed her on my desk. She promptly stripped naked and jumped in the glass of water. I took her jar outside and threw the berries away, then I dumped the pee out and rinsed it. When I came back inside, she was watching me. I wondered if she was kicking herself for missing the chance at escaping. "There," I said to her, "all clean now." She fluttered out of the glass of water and into the pot, where she peed even more. Then she pulled her dress back on and gazed out the window. I picked her up and felt her abdomen with my thumb. Where there was once a rock-hard bulge was now her natural, squishy belly. She looked at my like I was crazy, making me laugh. I put her back down and worked on the book until night fell. She retreated to her jar and I retreated to my bed, not bothering to put the lid on.

I masturbated that night, thinking about her pee dance. After I came, though, I felt extremely guilty. It must have been horrible to hold it for so long, not knowing why I wouldn't let her out. The pain she must have felt when I squeezed her bladder was agonizing. I fell asleep wondering if I shouldn't have done that.

*009*2018-11-25 04:22

{{On 11/11/2018 at 12:50 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn this is excellent

}}

Thanks!

{{On 11/12/2018 at 10:14 PM, Lapiiss said:

This is a very interesting idea! It's sadistic but I hope the researcher makes her hold it in a lot more in future~!

(maybe refuse to let her poo too)

}}

I'll be sure to make that happen in a later installment

{{On 11/13/2018 at 4:57 PM, Vapordrops said:

I’m not a big fan of scat but this is so cute! Imagining the little fairy having to pee all day is such a cute concept. It would be cool if we could read from the fairy’s perspective of the situation.

}}

I like that idea...

{{On 11/18/2018 at 3:58 AM, DerivativeWings said:

Hey this is really nice! I really enjoy these kind of “mundane” magical/sci-fi settings where you get to see some everyday-ish scenarios in a fantastic world.

The fact that I enjoy desperation (of both varieties) is a big plus too of course. A story like this makes me quite curious about the rest of the fairies too - I wonder if they’re ever put into a desperate situation in their natural environment.

I wonder if you drew some inspiration from that demon comic by Ao Kurage

}}

That comic is actually my favorite omorashi work of all time haha

{{On 11/21/2018 at 2:55 PM, Peterson said:

When will be next part?

}}

Either later tonight or sometime tomorrow

*010*2018-11-25 05:17

Part Four

Contains: Pee desperation, poop desperation

Why won't he let me go? I need to go so bad... It feels like my bladder is going to burst, and my dress is awfully constricting... Can it not hear me? I beg to be released from this prison... It seems busy fumbling around with those parchment pieces... I can see the soil right there... I need to urinate so badly it feels like I'm going to explode... My hand is beginning to hurt from banging on the wall... It should know what that means by now, shouldn't it? Oh, who am I kidding... I know these things are incapable of logical thinking... oh, gods, I need to relieve myself...

Yeep! I've leaked... That was a lot... My legs are a bit wet now... I can't hold it much longer... I need to make it release me... I suppose I could use my voice, just once to make it open the jar... Oh! It worked... It's coming over here... Please understand, please! I can't hold it much longer! I feel like I drank an ocean!

Oh? It's leaving... Come back! Please! I need to use my voice again... Yes, that's it... unlock my prison, I'm going to pop! It's grabbing me... Let go, dumb thing! I need to urinate so badly! I don't know how much longer I can last... It's already so bad...

Oh!!! It's pressed on my belly... My bladder is screaming now... It hurts so bad... I need relief... What? It's put me back in the jar! I'm going to explode!! I feel like crying... Ah! I've leaked again! Please, please, please remove me from my transparent prison! There's so much liquid pent up inside me that it hurts... it hurts really badly... I'll use my voice again... Please let me out! Please, please! Oh no! I'm leaking... I can't stop it... I might as well let go, I suppose... though this is no place to do it... I'll have to sleep in my urine tonight...

Oh, wow... The relief is astounding... My legs are shaking... It feels almost orgasmic... By the gods, this is bliss... Oh, the smell! I can smell it... I must stop myself... I've stemmed my stream... There's too much pee in here, the smell is rancid... Oh? He's opened the top... I hadn't even noticed him... He's sounding his voice again... Perhaps it's a show of dominance... I still have to pee very badly... He's put me next to some water... I've cleaned myself, but my bladder is still yearning to be emptied... I did my business in the pot of earth, the proper place to go... It was very relieving... I feel clean and refreshed... I know it's not at fault for my plight... It's a dull and unintelligent creature... I wish it hadn't captured me... I wonder when I'll go home...

I jolted awoke in a cold sweat. I glanced over at Nia, still asleep in her jar. "Jesus Christ!" I said aloud. What an odd dream that was. I wiped my eyes and wandered outside to relieve myself, then came back and examined my fairy. She had woken up while I was outside, like usual, but she had a sour look on her face, like she was going to be sick. She hadn't eaten any more of her berries, though the water was a bit low. I refilled it and put it in there with her. "You okay?" I asked her, receiving no response. "Perhaps fairies get sick when they're away from home," I said, picking her up and placing her in the pot, in case she vomits. "Perhaps there's a magical force there that keeps all fairies alive, and I've taken you away from it." I watched her urinate, then she sat down where she was standing, looking ill. A little while later, I heard her fart. Then I heard her again, this time a little longer and louder.

"Is that all it is?" I asked, laughing. She looked miserable, though, her tummy obviously doing cartwheels. She began digging a hole, and my mind began going places it shouldn't go. "How about you wait a little, Nia?" I said, filling the hole back up. She looked at me, confused, then started digging again. I repeated my actions, and she stamped her foot in frustration. I snickered a little. She was a very cute fairy when she got mad.

She started digging again this time faster and while doing a little dance. I filled it up again. She clutched her bottom and tensed her legs. It was ready to come out, I could tell. I heard her fart again, and her face contorted in agony. She could hold it much longer, but I wonder how long? She sat down in the soil, scooting back and forth on her heel. She dress had hiked up a bit, and the bottom of her ass was visible. That would only make it harder to hold, I'm sure. She started digging again and I immediately ruined her work. She squeezed her butt with both hands as another fart escaped her. Then, she suddenly hiked up her dress, spread her legs, and let go. An explosion of brown came out of her, much more than I thought she was able to hold. I couldn't believe all that was inside of her. She was so small. When she finished, she still looked miserable.

She pushed dirt from around her up over her mess, then tried to even out the proportions in vain. It seemed like she couldn't stand her bathroom habits being disrupted. I didn't know if this was specific to her or her entire species, though, so I went outside and collected another bundle of berries to bring to the tree. It took even longer than last time, but eventually, a small female flew out of the tree to inspect the berries. I leapt out and caught her in my hands. "Gotcha!" I said, then felt a sharp sting in my finger. I winced in pain and squeezed the fairy until she stopped. It seemed she'd bitten me. I'd caught myself a far more aggressive fairy. Still, I brought her back to the house, where Nia had already fallen asleep. I put the new fairy into her own jar on a different shelf than Nia. I decided I'd document their meeting when I was more awake. I put the lid on Nia's jar so she wouldn't find her companion too early and I went to sleep.

