Non-Stop Full Bladder!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-09-04 16:29

Yesterday was so humiliating.

It began with my habit of leaving everything to the last minute. I didn’t get to finish my morning pee because my sister Riley busted in. Startled, I immediately clenched off the stream.

“Dude, come on already!” she said, having already woken me up three times. “Everyone’s been ready to go, and you’re just now getting up? Sandra and Jordan are literally waiting in the car.”

“Alright, alright!” I said, covering myself. “I just have to brush my teeth!”

“Everything’s packed. Your toothbrush is already in the car. We’re getting breakfast on the way.”

“Ugh!” I pulled my pants up and rushed out behind her. “Uh… Thanks for packing my stuff, though.”

“Yeah, whatever.”

A gentle ache to urinate still resided in my lower belly. I sat in the back with Riley. Sandra was driving.

Jordan turned around in her seat. “Sandra wanted to leave without you,” she said.

“Sandra can suck my nuts,” I said, seeing her throw her hand up in annoyance. After about 45 minutes, I was feeling my bladder gradually filling to the point of discomfort. “I want some breakfast,” I announced.

“Chicken Trip for breakfast?” Riley said.

“Word,” Sandra said.

When we got to Chicken Trip, we pulled into the drive through. “Aw, what? I thought we were going inside!” I complained.

“Why would we do that?” Sandra said. “We’re trying to…” she was interrupted by the employee asking what we wanted to eat.

We ordered, then pulled up and waited at the window. “I just have to use the bathroom, too,” I said. Everyone groaned. “Hey, come on, I’ll run out right now and be back in a second!”

“If you do that, I’m going to leave you here,” Sandra said. Jordan and my sister seemed to think that was pretty funny.

“It probably won’t even be ready by th-“ I dropped my head against the seat as she got handed the orders. “Guys, I’ll be so quick.”

Sandra wasn’t paying attention anymore. “I’m not driving,” Riley said, shrugging. Eventually, we were back on the interstate.

Hunger and thirst taking priority over my urge to pee, I ate a chicken sandwich with fries and drained a large soda. After another 45 minutes, I was kind of struggling. I was constantly jiggling my legs. My sitting position was changing frequently. I wedged my hand between my thighs, shame preventing me from squeezing my crotch like I wanted to. “Guys, come on, I really have to go to the restroom,” I said. “It’ll take 5 minutes tops to pull over at a gas station.”

“We might be late and not be able to get in,” Sandra said. “We can’t check into the hotel first anymore, we have to straight to the theater.”

I didn’t realize I’d taken that long. I guiltily sat back in my seat, my cheeks turning red with embarrassment.

Over the next hour or so, I grew increasingly uncomfortable as my bodily need grew stronger and more urgent. My bladder felt very tight and full, more full than I’d usually let it get. The discomfort was coming in waves, the urgency fluctuating from medium to severe aching.

Not too long after that, I was sweating, unable to stay still for even a moment. I was constantly pulling the waistband of my pants away from the growing swell of urine in my belly. Still, I was just too embarrassed to put my hands on my crotch in a car full of my friends. My sister, maybe, but not Jordan. And definitely not Sandra.

I sat on my foot, trying to hide the fact that I was pressing my heel against my crotch. My pee was boiling with urgency inside me. I grabbed my pants button and pulled it up and away, simultaneously giving my bulging bladder some room and pressing the fabric against my crotch. I tried really hard to contain my pee dance, but I couldn’t keep myself from squirming and wriggling. It was starting to hurt.

Almost a half hour of that had left me absolutely dying. The drive dragged on and on, every bump in the road sending my piss crashing against the paper-thin walls of my overstretched urinary organ. I felt like I was about to explode. It took every fiber of my being not to grab my pussy. Instead, I was nervously clawing at the sides of my pants, punching my leg and miserably rubbing my sweating face. I balled my hand into a tight fist and bit my knuckles, cringing and holding my breath, struggling to bear the excruciating sensation. I had never needed to pee so badly in my life. I wanted to cry.

Riley lightly touched my leg. I looked at her, a little startled. In my desperation-induced delirium, I had almost forgotten I was in a car full of people.

‘Are you okay?’ she mouthed to me. I nodded my head, but it was a fucking lie. I couldn’t stand it. My tortured bladder was squeezing itself, trying to force the piss out against my will. I could feel it in the form of unbearable, pounding urgency.

“How much longer?” I asked nervously.

“A little under an hour,” Jordan replied.

I hesitated. “I-I can’t wait that long…”

“What?” Sandra said.

“I really need to use the restroom,” I told her, “it’s an emergency…”

“Oh my god, dude…”

“It’s been hours!” I tried not to sound like I was on the verge of tears. My screaming bladder squeezed enough pee out to fill my urethra, causing my hands to shoot to my crotch for the first time during this whole ordeal. I choked back a sob. “Please…”

“Who told you to take so long leaving?” Sandra said, “we might not even make it there as it is.”

Riley chimed in. “Well then, you guys can’t blame her if she pees into a cup in the back of this car.”

I looked at her. Sandra and Jordan echoed my confusion. “That’s disgusting,” Sandra said.

“And you can’t judge her either,” she continued. “The show starts a little after we’re supposed to get there. We’re making OK time, and it would’ve been fine if she went at Chicken Trip but you wouldn’t let her for some reason.” That shut them up. She turned to me. “Do you want me to hold a blanket up so you can go?”

My entire body was trembling. I felt like I was going to explode. I was so scared of pissing my pants. My face red as a tomato, I nodded.

As she got the blanket out, I unbuttoned my pants, sighing as my waistband loosened around my huge, bulging organ. I felt like I was going to throw up from how anxious peeing in this cup in front of them made me. I was so embarrassed. A combination of shame and discomfort made the tears start flowing as I pulled my pants and underwear down.

“Oh, Kenzie…” Riley said, rubbing my back.

“I don’t know how to do it, I’ve never…”

“Take ‘em all the way off,” she instructed. I did, tightly squeezing my vagina with one hand. I winced as I moved off the seat, squatting over my empty Chicken Trip soda cup. I was so nervous. I squatted there for a minute, unable to urinate.

“You okay?” my sister asked me.

“I’m trying to relax,” I said, burying my face in my arm.

“Are you actually doing it?” Jordan asked incredulously. I knew she got a look from Riley from the silence that ensued.

My bladder was so extremely full that it was a taut, distended shape, pressing against my other organs and sticking out of my like a melon. Still, my body retained it’s vast contents, liquid waste continuing to accrue inside of me. I bit the fabric of my sweatshirt in agony, tears streaming down my face.

“Just take a deep breath,” Riley said. My deep breaths shuddered like I was freezing. Even inhaling that much put pressure on my bladder. By the grace of god, I started dribbling. It was a slow, pathetic stream, pattering embarrassingly against the paper cup. That’s how it came out for a while before it grew to a slow trickle. I think it was a combination of embarrassment and real damage from holding it too much that prevented me from exploding into it like I thought I would, but the strongest it got was a gentle leak.

I actually filled that entire large cup and I still had to pee. As soon as I stopped having to force the pee out, the cup was nearly filled to the brim with hot liquid waste and I had to clench the stream, my urethra stinging from the cruel denial of complete relief. My bladder was still full and aching. ‘Do you have a tissue?’ I mouthed to Riley. She shook her head, making a nervous face that made us both giggle. I sat my bare butt back on the seat, my wet pussy putting a spot on it.

I started to roll down the window.

“Please do not pour your piss cup out the window, that shit is gonna fly back into my car,” Sandra said.

“But I still have to go!”

“We’re on the interstate!”

I sighed and put the plastic lid back on my warm cup of urine and put it in the cupholder. At least it’s not excruciating anymore, I thought as I pulled my pants back up.

*003*2022-09-05 01:56

{{On 9/4/2022 at 1:26 PM, rebeljaffa said:

Squeezing your what?

This is great!

}}

Not anatomically accurate, I know I just like that phrase

{{On 9/4/2022 at 2:22 PM, Omo luna said:

She needs to use a plug

}}

But then there wouldn’t be the danger of an accident!

Part 2

“Can’t I use somebody else’s cup?” I asked, starting to squirm as the drive dragged on and my bladder continued to fill.

“I’m still drinking mine,” Jordan said.

“Same,” Sandra echoed.

“I gotchu, I just gotta hit the sips,” Riley told me, drinking hers hurriedly. “It’s watered down as hell.”

I sighed and looked out the window, needing to pee somewhat badly.

“We’re almost there, anyway,” Jordan said. “Twenty more minutes.”

Riley didn’t finished her drink by then. It was pretty urgent by the time as we pulled in. I was fanning my legs, bouncing my knees off of each other. I was looking forward to using an actual toilet.

The venue was huge. “It’s multi-stage,” Jordan told us, “there’s like, more than one show happening in it. There’s even a bar with seating! We’re on the second floor.”

We walked inside. It was packed. Crowded to the point of being uncomfortable. Rowdy, crazy people being loud everywhere. Muffled music blasted from the other side of these closed doors, guarded by security.

“Come on, we have to hurry!” Sandra said, having to yell to be heard.

“Wait, I really have to go to the bathroom!” I said, but nobody heard me. Jordan and Riley followed her lead. Not wanting to be left alone in this sea of partiers, I followed suit.

We had our tickets checked and found our seats. “Can somebody go with me to the bathroom?” I asked.

“I’m gonna go get concessions in a second,” Riley said. Relieved, I relaxed a bit, jiggling my legs in anticipation. Suddenly, somebody came up next to us and handed us little cards. “Popcorn, candy, soda?” she said. I inspected the card. We put our seat number at the top and checked boxes for the things we wanted.

“Oh, cool!” my sister said beside me. My heart dropped. I checked the box for popcorn and soda (I knew I probably shouldn’t fill up with liquid at a time like this, but I’d rather have to pee than be thirsty!) and received them right before the lights dimmed and the announcements started.

My full bladder complained the entire time. I kept changing sitting positions, just like the car, but the darkness provided me a little more privacy than before. My hand rested over my crotch, applying gentle pressure to ease my aching need.

By the time the actual band got up, I was bouncing my feet and scooting my butt around in the seat. My excitement took focus, though, and I was cheering with everyone else, enjoying the music.

Eventually, I was having a lot of trouble concentrating on the show. I was bouncing around in my seat, squeezing and rubbing my crotch, crossing my legs and wriggling like crazy. I had to pee so bad I felt like I was about to pop. At the height of some of the waves I was enduring, I really thought I was going to pee my pants. My urethra was tired of retaining so much urine.

In the time it was taking me to work up the courage to ask Riley to go with me to the bathroom, things were going from bad to worse. My bladder got so full I could hardly stand it. I was dying. I was pulling my pants button away from me at all times, debating whether or not I should just unbutton it. Eventually, I did. My belly was bulging with urine. I cradled it with one hand and put the other down my underwear, pressing into my coochie with my fingers as I writhed and danced. I decided I couldn’t take it anymore. I forced my pants to clasp over the mound of liquid.

“Riley,” I tugged on her shirt. She leaned in to hear me. “Please come to the bathroom with me,” I begged.

“They’re probably going to take a break soon,” she replied, then went back to watching the show.

I went to pull my knees up to my chest, but my waistband dug horribly into my tender bladder and the discomfort was excruciating. It made me gasp then groan, my eyes starting to water. I kept my legs pressed tightly together as I wriggled, entirely unable to sit still. Once again, I was at the point where I was biting my knuckles and punching the seat, grabbing things around me and squeezing them until my knuckles turned white. If there wasn’t a loud band going on, people around me would’ve heard me groaning and grunting, whining and on the verge of crying. I put my face into my elbow like I was coughing just to bite the fabric, crossing my legs tightly and squeezing my crotch. God, I had to piss so badly.

They were playing song after song with no sign of a break. I sat on the edge of my seat, grinding into it. I stuck my hand down my underwear again to squeeze my pussy and realized it was really damp down there. Like, freshly damp. I hadn’t even realized I’d leaked.

I tugged on Riley’s shirt again. “I’m gonna pee my pants…” I told her.

She looked at me, disappointed but sympathetic. She got up and escorted me to the restroom.

I couldn’t stand up straight. Every step was a knife to my tortured, overfull organ. We entered the bathroom and I froze on the spot, unwilling to move any further. It was the women’s room, but it was packed with both genders smoking and snorting whatever, just hanging out. A couple of dudes were having an altercation by the sinks.

“I-I can’t do this,” I told my sister, stepping around as I pulled on my pants button and pressed my thighs together. “Can’t we… I mean, can we please go check another…”

“We’re missing it, dude!” Riley said, “I’ll even go in the stall with you. Come on, be brave.”

I steeled myself, forcing myself to enter a stall.

My screaming bladder really spiked in urgency once I was in such close proximity to a toilet. I frantically dropped my pants and hovered over the toilet, trying to block out the craziness happening around me. Eventually, I started urinating hard. I emptied my bladder considerably until a crazy loud bang against the side of our stall startled me bad enough to stem my stream. “Okay, I can’t do this, let’s go, please,” I said, hurriedly wiping and pulling my pants up. My bladder was still pretty full, but I wasn’t in pain by any means, unless you counted my aching urethra.

“Hold on, I might as well pee while we’re here,” Riley said, sitting down on the toilet and urinating.

*008*2022-09-07 03:55

{{On 9/5/2022 at 6:42 PM, jimpix123 said:

Please write more this is the hottest fucking thing I've ever read

}}

I’m so glad you’re enjoying it

{{14 hours ago, Weather said:

This is cute! I wonder if she'll have to sleep without peeing

}}

With her luck so far…

Part 3

I was able to enjoy the rest of the show. The dull ache in my full bladder was only slightly distracting, but I was already squirming and jiggling my legs by the time it ended.

“Ready, guys?” I asked. I was eager to leave that crazy venue.

“Nah, let’s hang out for a minute!” said Jordan. “I just wanna get a drink. There isn’t a place like this back home. Plus I gotta pee.”

“Me too,” Sandra said, then turned to me and Riley. “You guys just went, right? You wanna head to the bar and we’ll meet you?”

I clenched my teeth. Me and Riley went downstairs and found much more extensive seating than I was expecting. We chose a booth and received similar cards to the ones we got in the stage area, little pencils and checkboxes and all.

“Should I order shots?” Riley asked me.

“If you want,” I said, crossing my legs.

“Would you take some with me?”

“I kinda wanna get this strawberry daiquiri,” I checked the box for it and crossed my legs the other way.

“That didn’t answer my question,” she smirked.

“Yes, I’ll do some shots with you, Riley.”

“Yesss,” she checked the box. I noticed her print 12 under the quantity.

“Whoa, how many did you put?” I asked, leaning forward.

“Well, I know Jordan’ll want some. I figured four each…”

“Are we trying to get sloshed?”

“I dunno,” she giggled.

“Well, you can have some of mine,” I said, changing my sitting position again. I was starting to have to go pretty urgently again, but there was no way in hell I was going back into those restrooms.

Sandra and Jordan returned from the bathroom and we received our drinks, all the while I was trying to contain my fidgeting.

“You guys got shots?” Sandra said, sounding disappointed. “Dude, you couldn’t wait to hit the hard stuff until we got to the hotel? I feel left out.”

“I’ll drive the next trip we take,” Jordan said, pinching her cheek as she reached for a shot.

“My stomach really hurts from that popcorn,” Riley said. “But do I care?”

I finished my daiquiri and took a total of two shots, enough to get the room spinning. I’m not sure how much Riley had, but she was by far the drunkest out of all of us. My urge to urinate increased gradually over the course of the night, accelerated considerably by my intake of alcohol. I was scooting back and forth in my seat, sweating and eager to get to the hotel and relieve myself. “We ready to go?” I asked.

“I wanna get something else,” Riley slurred, closing one eye and reading the card.

“Aw, come on, man, I wanna drink too!” Sandra replied, “I hate being DD. Let’s just go to the hotel already.”

I looked at Jordan. “How many shots did you take?”

“I only took one,” she said.

“Jeez, Riley, you’re nine shots deep already! Let’s fucking go!”

Sandra and Jordan stepped out of the booth. Riley dropped her head on the table and giggled. “Why are you mad?”

“I’m not mad, I just wanna go to the hotel,” I was writhing and jiggling, my bladder pulsing with pressure. I reached the height of a wave of desperation as I was waiting for her to get up, struggling to keep myself from grabbing my crotch.

She finally got up when Sandra grabbed her by the arm and helped her to the car at a painfully slow pace. I potty danced the entire drive there.

When we finally pulled into the hotel, I was just about ready to piss myself. I frantically stumbled out of the car and paced around, shaking my hands at my sides and taking deep breaths. “Come onnn…” I begged, bending over and leaning on my knees. They were getting their stuff out of the car at a snail’s pace. My bladder was really full and sensitive. I could feel my waistband mercilessly pressing into it, smushing my tender pee baby. I grabbed mine and Riley’s stuff, a backpack and a suitcase, and rushed ahead of them to the front desk while they took their time.

“Can I help you?” the desk lady asked me.

I was fidgeting around, swaying my butt side to side. “Uh, one of my friends booked a hotel room, they’re about to be here.”

They took forever to get there, then even longer to check in.

I couldn’t keep still in the elevator. I was so embarrassed, but if I quit stepping around and squishing my thighs together I knew I was going to piss my pants. With the severity of my discomfort, I was almost weighing the pros and cons of that possibility. It was once again starting to cause me pain to hold it in.

“I think I’m gonna throw up,” Riley said suddenly.

“What? In here?” Sandra sounded alarmed.

“I don’t know.”

“Holy fuck,” Jordan started laughing. As soon as the elevator doors opened, Sandra had my sister by the hand and was guiding her to the room. Once she unlocked the door, the two went straight to the bathroom. Riley hunched over the toilet bowl while Sandra held her hair back.

I stood in the doorway, ready to cry. I was holding my crotch at this point and kicking around, my extremely full bladder howling with urgency. It hurt.

Jordan gently shoulder bumped me. “Why don’t you just take the sink?” she said.

“I can’t do that!” I replied, hurriedly taking my hands out from between my legs. I balled them into fists at my sides, stepping side to side.

Suddenly, Sandra was in front of me. “Take care of your sister, please? I’m gonna get a drink.”

The way she said it made me angry. I never asked her to take care of my sister.

Busting to pee, I shut the bathroom door and sat on the side of the tub, right next to Riley. I held myself and gyrated my hips, digging the edge of the tub into my crotch. Riley hadn’t thrown up, but she was groaning over the bowl. I unbuttoned my pants.

“Hey, Riley, I have to go really bad, can I just use the toilet real quick? It’ll be so quick.”

She didn’t reply. Her eyes were closed, her face scrunched up in discomfort.

“P-please…” I said, sticking my hand in my underwear and squeezing tight, bouncing on my butt. “I really don’t think I can wait much longer… Riley, please, it hurts.”

“My stomach hurts…” she mumbled.

“I know, I’m sorry, I just…” I winced, my tortured organ screaming to be drained. My urethra was so exhausted. A wave of pain and urgency wracked my urinary system. “Mmmph! It-it’s an emergency…” I held my breath, letting out a choked squeak. “It’s really bad…” I waited a minute, squirming in agony. Still, there was no relief for me or my sister. I decided I couldn’t take it anymore. My hands stuck in my pants squeezing my privates , I hobbled over to the sink, dropped my pants, and pulled myself up. Again, finding myself so far out of my comfort zone, I could barely pee. I started dribbling after an agonizing couple of minutes, my hand gently applying pressure to my bulging, screaming bladder. I was forcing myself to take deep breaths, trying any meditative thing I could think of to keep the flow going. Suddenly, Jordan busted into the bathroom. I frantically hopped off the sink and yanked my pants up, having gotten barely any urine out. The crotch of my underwear got saturated again.

“What the hell is taking you guys so long?” she slurred. “I gotta piss like a racehorse!”

Sandra was standing in the doorway giggling. I thought I was going to start crying right there. Bent over, I held my crotch tight, unable to think about anything other than the unbearable pounding in my bursting bladder.

“Riley, if you still haven’t ralphed yet, you’re probably not going to,” Jordan said, pushing her to the side a little. “Please move, I gotta pee.”

“Just give her a minute!” I said, trembling from head to toe in desperation. If anyone was going to kick my sister off the can to piss, it was going to be me.

Jordan looked down at my legs, which were crossing and uncrossing like crazy. “Holy shit, you’re still holding it!?” she laughed.

“Stoppp!” I groaned, forcing myself to stop holding my crotch. I stormed out of the bathroom and curled up in a fetal position on the bed, doing math in my head in a desperate attempt to distract myself. Pretty soon, I couldn’t even do that. I was whining and grunting, writhing around on the bed while tears streamed down my face. I punched the mattress with the hand that wasn’t gripping my crotch. I bit the bedsheet and pulled on it in frustration and discomfort, my bloated belly swollen with way too much urine. It hurt so bad, I couldn’t take it. I wanted to piss myself. The searing agony I was enduring was practically blinding. I don’t think I’ve ever needed to pee so badly in my entire life as I did at that moment. I stuck both of my hands in my underwear and squeezed my vagina as tight as I could.

In the end, all my struggling was for nothing. I felt myself start uncontrollably leaking, rapidly strengthening to a full-on stream jetting against my hands and saturating my pants with hot urine. I gasped, horrified, leaping off the bed and sprinting into the bathroom, unable to stop.

Everything was a blur. Someone was sitting on the toilet when I ran in, so I frantically stumbled into the bathtub. I was crying and humiliated, but the bliss of draining my tortured bladder was overwhelming. I couldn’t help but let out a moan, my knees buckling a little, urinating hard into my pants. My pants were absolutely soaked. Golden liquid splattered against the floor if the tub, puddling and streaming into the drain. As I blinked some of the tears out of my eyes, still pissing myself, I looked up at everyone. My sister was passed out on the floor. Jordan was sitting on the toilet, mouth agape and eyes wide watching me, and Sandra had her hands cupped over her mouth. I’d never felt such embarrassment. My body froze up in shame, stemming the flow and once again leaving me with an aching bladder and a burning peehole.

