A Fixation Gets a Tone Change

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-07-22 20:19

Part One

I was laying on the couch late one night. Past my phone in the corner of my vision, I noticed my roommate bouncing on her butt, shamelessly scooting into the couch.

“What are you doing!?” I asked, shielding the display with my hand.

“I gotta pee real bad,” she admitted immediately.

“Then go!”

“I’m almost done! Chill!” she leaned forward and typed faster, wriggling her behind. “Oh for fuck’s- I can’t even type right now! Ooh, my bladder is fulllll…”

Her choice of words made my skin crawl. “Please go to the bathroom!” I whined, burying my face in my hands.

“Dude, why are you always so weird about bathroom stuff?”

“I am absolutely not the one that’s weird about bathroom stuff,” I retorted, looking at her now that she toned it down a little.

“Well, we’re both a little weird. But you’re weird in some wacko, obsessive way that I can’t even understaannddd…” she lurched forward, burying her hands in her lap.

I looked in the opposite direction. “It’s so gross when you act like this.”

She got up and started toward the bathroom, pressing her fingertips into her crotch. “Dude, chill out. Everyone pees. Everyone poops. Everyone…” As she passed by me, she pressed her butt against the side of my body. “Farts!”

I dropped my phone and froze. She was laughing hysterically. My hands started to tremble and I frantically pulled my sweatshirt off, throwing to the ground. I gagged, running to the bathroom and taking a shower.

I stood under the water, leaning my head against the wall. I couldn’t stop thinking about it. I wanted to crawl into a hole for the rest of my life. I was utterly unable to stop thinking about it. My mind just fixated on every revolting detail. The dry, bubbly pops against my arm. The way the warmth spread through the fabric of my clothes. The way the smell followed me all the way to the bathroom.

I shuddered. Bailey teased me about toilet stuff pretty often, but this takes the cake. I couldn’t believe what she did to me. I’m always the butt end of her jokes. Even that unintended pun grossed me out.

I ignored a knock at the bathroom door. She started banging loudly and didn’t stop until I said something.

“Dude, our neighbors!”

“You have to let me in, I’m gonna pee my pants!” she sounded genuinely panicked.

“I’m naked!”

“You’ve been in there forever, I’m dying!” She turned the knob frantically, pulling in vain. I’d locked it. “Please, I gotta go! I’m sorry I farted on you!” I heard her groaning and whining, plus thuds against the floor when she evidently started hopping around in desperation. “I’m dying, I’m dyinggg…” Her voice was getting choked. The door creaked. She must be leaning against it. “I feel like I’m about to explode!”

I cringed. ‘Bladder, explode…’ Why did she have to talk like this? Why couldn’t she hide it behind ‘go’ or something? “Alright, I’m going, I’m going!”

“Oooh, I’m leaking, I’m leaking…” she squeaked.

“Ew!” I yelled at her as I cut off the water. I was a bit quicker than usual in getting dried and dressed, but I was too mad at her to rush.

“Hurryyy…” she whimpered in between frantic, strained vocalizations.

The moment I unlocked the door, she threw the door open and barreled past me. Her pants, already unbuttoned and unzipped, were down to her knees before her butt even made it to the toilet lid. As the sound of hissing and splattering filled the air, I clasped my hands around my ears and went to run out of the room, but I stepped in something that made me stop dead in my tracks. A warm puddle outside the door. It led into some drops leading up to the toilet.

“Ahhhh…” Bailey moaned into her hands. She peeked at me, her face beet red. “I peed my pants again,” she admitted, sounding like she was about to laugh. Then she saw my foot and gasped, looking at me wide-eyed.

“Uhhh-“ I groaned through clenched teeth. I started shaking with disgust.

“It’s okay! Get-get back in the shower! Wash it off!” I could tell she was fighting not to break into laughter. But again, I was totally frozen. Plus, I couldn’t get any closer to her while she was still loudly peeing.

What happened next was an out of body experience. I felt like I was about to pass out. My body walked stiffly through the puddle, not even trying to step over it. I tracked hot pee through the house and, trembling from head to toe, sat on the counter. I hesitated, noting the dishes in the sink, but I needed to do it. I swung my legs over and ran my feet under the water, using an excess of soap and letting the water get too hot. Between the fart and the puddle, I gagged and retched at the thoughts. I felt like I needed to scrub for the rest of my life, but I eventually just stormed to my room.

That night, as I tried to sleep, I tossed and turned thinking of these things. I just couldn’t get them out of my head. Skin contact with the hot liquid that had just occupied my friend’s bladder was too much for me. “Ughhh!” I groaned, putting the pillow over my face. Again, I found my mind spiraling through the details I unfortunately pick up so many of. How it must have spurted out of Bailey’s peehole, despite her struggling, soaked her undies and cascaded down the denim of her jeans. The way it must have leaked out of the cuffs and collected at her dancing feet, trailing behind her as she frantically rushed to the toilet.

I saw her butt flash for a split second. I wondered exactly how intense the urge to urinate was for her, if she let the pee out by choice to lessen her discomfort, or if her body released it in disobedience. I thought about the times when my own bladder was screaming for relief, a fairly often occurrence on account of my aversion to toilet discussion, and wondered how it compared. She pee’d so much for so long. I left before it had even begun to falter. I almost wish I would have went to the shower, simply to satisfy my curiosity about the volume of urine she was really retaining. I wonder…

I sat upright. “What the fuck!?” I said out loud. The sensation to gag tickled the back of my throat. I had been nauseated by my own thoughts. I tried even harder to forget about this one. I literally tried counting sheep. But in my guts, a pocket of gas moved through my body and settled uncomfortably in my rectum. The large amount of it made it so I only had to relax to let it out. No pushing needed. It ripped dry and bubbly and warmed the booty of my pajama pants. It sounded exactly like my roommate’s. I felt as though the events of today were haunting me.

*002*2023-07-25 17:28

Part 2

Having stopped to get a soda on the way to work, I was particularly uncomfortable by the end of the day. I watched the clock, because when 5:00 came, I would get to go home and use the toilet. I’ve only gone to the toilet at work one single time, an occurrence which has resulted in me cutting Taco Bell out of my diet completely. Since then, I haven’t had another bowel movement force me to focus on maintaining my composure while I hurried to the toilet, straining my buttcheeks the whole way.

Today, however, it was a surplus of urine that left me squishing my thighs together, absentmindedly gyrating my butt in the seat. I suddenly became aware of other people and made myself stop. I chewed my fingernails nervously. It came in waves, and I held my breath when the urge got particularly intense. Finally, it got close enough to the end of the day, so I hurriedly powered my computer down and started gathering my stuff.

“Hey,” someone greeted behind me.

I glanced up. “Oh, hey Sanjay.”

“Want a cupcake? There’s a bunch in the break room for Marge’s birthday.”

I could think of a few reasons to skip that, but I ended up saying the opposite. “Yeah, sure.” Another thing I had been looking forward to was the walk to the car, where I thought I’d be able to release the pent up gas I’d accrued throughout the day. Instead, I was about to pile a cupcake on top of it all.

I went into the break room, said hi, said happy birthday, and stood there shifting my weight between feet while I nibbled on my cupcake. Unexpectedly, the conversation was pretty active, and I was sucked in. Somebody showed up with a cooler of drinks and I ended up standing there socializing with my coworkers for almost thirty minutes before we started thinning out. My belly was bloated with pee and I had only added to it. Plus, I needed to fart so bad, but it was difficult to think of a worse place to do it. I was almost constantly stepping side to side. When I laughed, I lifted my knee up a little. My urge to urinate was so urgent by this point that I was having trouble of thinking of anything else, and although I was having a good time with those that were still around, I needed to get home to pee.

“Well, I should probably get going,” I said as casually as I could, squishing my thighs together. There was a variety of farewells and I took my leave, grimacing the entire walk away. I pulled my tight khakis away from my swollen belly as I went down the stairs. While I walked to the car, another fart moved downward and got ready to leave. But with my need to pee at this level of urgency, I was honestly worried about my ability to keep it in if I did that. I needed the relief so badly, though. My stomach was making noises. Still, it was better than a damp crotch, so I held everything in.

I sat in the car and wriggled into the seat as I put the seatbelt on, groaning at the way the lower one squished my bulging bladder. I sped home. When I was confident that I was out of view of other drivers, I held my crotch and scooted around. Another 15 minutes of writhing and squirming, too distracted to drive, struggling not to fart and leak. By the time I pulled in at the apartment, I was frantic. Urine and gas had me blown up like a balloon, breaking as sweat as I jiggled and danced in the seat. I ran up the stairs, marching and holding my crotch as I unlocked the door. I swung it open and stepped inside.

“Hey,” Bailey greeted, sitting at her laptop at the kitchen island.

“Hey,” I feigned a casual demeanor, stepping lightly inside and shutting the door behind me. My bladder was screaming and I was clenching my butt to keep the air in.

“Come check this out,” she said.

I groaned inwardly, ready to cry. I went over by her and watched her start a five minute youtube video. I didn’t like this kind of video. I’ve never expressed interest in this kind of video. I forced laughter every time she did, discreetly watching the red bar move forward. I bit my nails, crossing my legs and swaying my butt around.

“Anyway, you don’t gotta watch the whole thing. I just thought you’d appreciate that.”

Ignoring the absurdity in the second part of that, I hurried off to the toilet. I felt like my bladder was going to burst if I waited even another second.

“Hey,” she said suddenly.

I stopped and turned, clenching my teeth.

“You okay?”

“Y-Yeah, why? What?”

“Nothing, you just seem… Off.”

“No, I’m fine!” I took another step toward the bathroom. I was about to fart. Whether or not I wanted it to, it was about to come out.

“Is this about last night? When I tooted on you, and then you stepped in my…”

“No! No, it isn’t, I promise, let’s just… Never speak about either of those things again, okay?”

“Oh my god, it is, isn’t it!?” she stood up. “Dude, I’m genuinely really sorry. I took it too far, it was weird.”

“It’s okay!” My face turned red. “It’s… It’s okay, really.”

“I mean, I meant what I said, though. I just don’t get what the big deal is. You know how many times my siblings have made me get farted on? And then I had these friends that were relentless…”

“God, I… That’s terrible. I mean, what else would make you do the things you do, I guess.”

“Shut up!” she laughed, punching me in the arm. My legs were starting to tremble. I needed the toilet so badly I could barely take it. Again, I turned around and rushed to the bathroom. The moment I shut the door, I frantically unbuttoned my pants, marching and squirming around. I started wondering how close my current experience was to Bailey’s experience last night, busting at the seams, unable to stay still. Hers was probably worse, on account of the mess she made. I hadn’t leaked at all. Although my frequent holding had granted me a bladder of steel, so I might not be the best comparison. I pondered this in front of the toilet, barely retaining all of my gas and liquid waste. I held myself from both ends and squirmed, imagining the times I’ve seen her squirm and writhe and attaching these sensations to it.

I felt high. This was weirdly exciting. I took my pants and underwear off and kicked them to the side, holding myself and denying myself of the relief I was so close to. I decided to try to let some gas out without peeing like she did.

I relaxed my butt carefully while I grabbed madly at myself, marching desperately around the bathroom. I tooted, a dry and airy fart that forced me into a new level of pee dance intensity. I rubbed and squeezed, danced and writhed. My bladder was still so full that it felt ready to explode, but I lifted a leg and let out another fart. This time, I spurted out into my hands, feeling hot piss gurgle into my hands. I squatted down onto my heel to hold it, scooting crazily into it. Urine was leaking down my inner thighs and dripping from my hands, and my burning urethra was screaming for further release. I realized was giggling. Trembling with desperation and discomfort, but somehow giddy as can be.

It was at this moment that I felt as if I woke up. The reality of my waste all over my hands, spreading down my legs and leaking to my butt… It set in quickly. I got onto the toilet, urine bursting out the moment I sat down. I sighed deeply, relief overtaking me as I finally drained my bladder. Not soon after, I let out a number of long, airy farts that released a substantial amount of strain in my gut. I pee’d for forever. While the stream went on, I dried my hands and my thighs with toilet paper. I shuddered at my bizarre actions. I shrugged it off as mere curiosity and tried not to think about it. While I washed my hands, I let out a couple of long, hot farts. Then as I was leaving, I stood at the door while I waited for the gas to travel through my belly down to my butt. A long, choppy toot. I imagined I was sitting on Bailey, getting her back for last night. As I left the bathroom, I shook the thought out of my head and hoped my tank was empty.

*003*2023-07-27 17:39

Part 3

Bailey smirked at me as I reentered the kitchen.

“What?” I asked.

“You could have told me you just had to pee bad. I thought you were mad at me!”

“I didn’t-“ I started to lie, as if I could get away with hiding my bodily functions after leaving the toilet. “Well, I am mad at you.”

“Yeah, yeah,” she dismissed.

I sat next to her and typed away on my own laptop. I felt gas bubbling up in my belly, getting ready to come out. Annoyedly, my butt was apparently not done. I didn’t let it out, obviously. It sat uncomfortably until my belly gurgled with it’s retreat. It later came back with more volume and urgency, causing me to shift in my seat a little trying to hold it in. At that moment, I heard a long rumbling noise.

“Ugh!” I exclaimed, tensing my shoulders up to my ears.

Bailey laughed. “Never gets old with you, dude.” She fanned the air in my direction.

“Can you please stop!?” I plugged my nose and got up, moving to the other side of the kitchen. I’d taken my laptop with me so I could remain in safety. My own fart was writhing uncomfortably in my gut, wanting out pretty badly by this point. Why was I so gassy today!? While I recalled the things I’d eaten over the past day, the smallest temptation to get her back came to me. I imagined walking past casually, then pointing my butt right at her and letting it rip. This was an impossibly unrealistic daydream, but if it weren’t humiliating and revolting, it’d be pretty satisfying.

She raised her bum off the seat and pushed out another long toot, sighing afterwards. I made a face and shook my head, feeling my skin crawl as she giggled. Then she let out a small one.

“Dude!” I scolded and left the kitchen.

“I don’t know why I’m farting so much, I’m sorry!” she called ingenuinely.

The moment my door closed behind me, I relaxed my anus and passed wind silently for several seconds, the last of it coming out in short little spurts. Over the course of the next hour, my flatulence increased in frequency and I became nauseated. I dreaded the impending bathroom trip. If Bailey found out I was pooping, she’d probably find a way to mess with me.

I laid on my stomach on my bed, taking deep breaths to soothe the turmoil in my tummy. I groaned at one point as a cramp tore through my gut, followed closely by fart so long and loud that I worried it was audible outside of my room.

Overwhelmed with discomfort, I took a break from my computer and curled up into a ball. Almost immediately, Bailey knocked. I sat up casually, irritated by the poor timing.

“Come in!”

She poked her head in the door, holding a familiar pan of mac and cheese that we took home from a party ages ago. “You wanna split this with me? We’re finally at the end of it.”

“Man, I’ve been eating that like every night these past few days!” I complained.

“I know, but it’s such a waste to throw it out!”

“Is it even still good?” I asked, putting my hand to my rumbling tummy.

She sniffed it and shrugged. “Smells like mac and cheese.”

I sighed. “Yeah, I’ll split it with you.” I just wanted her to leave. I needed to fart so bad.

Instead she came in. “Okay, I just wanted to say one thing…”

I cowered up against the headboard. She does this all the time. “Bailey, stop! Dude! No-“

She turned her butt toward me and let out one of the most foul sounds I’d ever heard emitted from the human body. Then she strutted out, presumably to heat up our dinner. I held my nose and rushed out of there gagging, forced to leave the only place I could relieve myself of my own gas. I should save the toilet for when the rest of it inevitably wants out.

I did my best to hide my bellyache, but I allowed myself to grimace. “That was fucking disgusting. You told me you wouldn’t do that stuff anymore!”

She gave me a weird look. “No I didn’t. I won’t press my butt against you when I do it, but I was like ten feet away from you.”

“You ruined my entire room for the next five minutes.”

She cackled. “You can skip calling the exterminator, then. Here,” she put a bowl of mac and cheese in front of me, then lifted her leg and let some air warble out of her.

“Ugh, god!” I took my bowl to the living room. “You’re ruining my appetite!”

“I really don’t know what’s wrong with me today!”

I looked apprehensively at my food. “Do you think it’s the mac and cheese?”

“That depends. Are you really gassy today, too?”

“N-no…”

“Must be something else, then. I had a gyro today.”

The pocket of gas in my butt was being added to by the second. Hesitantly, I ate the mac and cheese. It tasted fine. But by the time I was halfway through the bowl, I felt like I was going to explode.

“Ooh, I feel like I’m gonna shit myself,” Bailey sat criss cross on the couch beside me, bouncing her knees.

My heart dropped. “Let’s please stop talking about this while we eat?”

“I’m trying to hold it in but it’s so bad.”

“Why don’t you just go!?” I squirmed in my own seat, clenching my butt to keep from tooting.

“Well, not shit. Just a fart. I don’t wanna gross you out.”

“You’re doing an awesome job so far.”

“Thanks,” she winced. “I’m suffering just for you.”

“Which console is set up for the TV?” I asked, desperate for a distraction.

“Umm, I think none of them,” she said, putting her bowl to the side and going up the the TV to mess with the wires. She sat on her knees leaning forward, and her shorts were pulled down far enough so that I could see about an inch of her asscrack.

I cringed and looked down at my food. I nervously ate, unwilling to look back up for a minute. I could still see her out of my peripheral vision.

At that moment, my belly cramped and I fought to keep all of my gas inside of me. It took so much focus that by the time the urgency started to recede, I realized that I was absentmindedly staring at Bailey’s butt. She had leaned further forward and worsened the plumber’s crack. My stomach tightened (even more than it already was), but I didn’t look away this time. I don’t know what came over me. I just stared and admired her body. She really did have a nice ass. And for some reason, the thought of everything she was holding inside…

I shook the thoughts out of my head. I found myself doing that a lot lately.

She leaned back and bounced. “I gotta…” she trailed off as she finished hooking it up, then came back to the couch with me. “Okay. What do you want to watch?”

As she asked me, it felt like one thousand pounds of waste suddenly dropped into my colon, swelling my belly and nearly causing an accident right there. I straightened my back and strained every muscle in my body. A barely audible “urk-“ left my throat, and in a moment, I was utterly desperate to shit. “I might, uh…” I swallowed. “I might take a shower.”

“Oh damn, let me poop first.”

“What!? You just said-“

“I lied! I didn’t want to gross you out.”

“Well, I don’t want to shower right after you…”

“I have to poop really bad!” she wriggled. “Just let me go quick, I’ll use the spray.”

I shifted in the seat. My belly gurgled and churned with intense discomfort. “That stuff doesn’t work.”

“Too bad. No way in hell can I hold this in for a whole shower,” she said, getting up and hurrying to the toilet. She held her butt the whole way there. I sighed, burying my face in my hands. The cold sweats were already setting in. I needed to go so badly. This mac and cheese fucked up my stomach big time. I fell on my side and cradled my belly, feeling even more waste moving through my insides and getting ready to come out. I held my bottom and writhed in agony, my nausea reaching an all time high.

I sat up, but held but midsection and rocked back and forth. I groaned inwardly, fighting the urge to be sick. At least now I could fart, but I wanted to be in my room so I didn’t stink up anywhere that she might be soon.

I held my butt and went doubled over back to my room, closing the door behind me. I relaxed slightly, letting air carefully seep out. Before I was done, I felt the end of it suddenly creeping it’s way out. I clenched my buttcheeks and squirmed crazily, desperately retracting the prairie dog back into my overcrowded insides.

As per usual with my desperate stupors lately, I found myself comparing what I felt and what Bailey must had felt. By now, she was probably refreshed, voiding or void of her waste. I needed to relieve myself so unbelievably badly. I could barely even fart without an accident. This feeling was unbearable.

I heard her leave the bathroom, but I couldn’t yet enter. The room was undoubtedly foul smelling. A few minutes should do the trick, but I’m honestly not confident my ability to hold it. I was on the brink. Oh my god, I needed to let it out soon. I couldn’t sit still and my skin was slick with sweat. My stomach was cramping intensely and constantly.

A knock at my door. “Did you still want to watch something?”

“Y-yeah, just let me shower first!” I shouted.

“I wouldn’t go in there for a minute,” she laughed. “You know what? I could turn on the fan. Make it go faster.”

“You never turned on the fan!?” I groaned, wriggling miserably.

“What?” she asked. Unexpectedly, she poked her head in. “I didn’t hear what you said.”

I only had a second to pretend like I wasn’t dying. “Uh- nothing! I didn’t say anything,” I gulped, hoping she couldn’t see that I was straining my entire lower half.

“Okay weirdo.”

As soon as she left, I took my shirt off and rolled around my bed in agonizing discomfort. I know it might seem like an absurd alternative to sitting in a stinky bathroom, but Bailey ruins the place. If she says not to go in there, I trust her. I’ve almost gotten sick from her gas alone, let alone an urgent bowel movement.

Speaking of getting sick, I felt as though my dire situation was making me delirious. I couldn’t think about anything but the screaming urge in my gut, the intense nausea and my tortured muscles. I whined and started to cry, holding my booty with both hands. My anus dilated under the pressure, matter writhing inside me like a disgusting snake ready to burst out of my stomach like that thing from Alien. I knew she had to have been less desperate than this. This is completely unreal.

We were probably totally in sync with our urges, on account of our diets consisting of the same likely expired mac and cheese. Had she kept holding, we’d be in the same boat. A whimpering, desperate mess. I wished I would have made her wait. I was seriously about to shit my pants. I want to see her in this state, see how she’d take it. Would she take it? I bet some people just let go when it gets too much. I wished I would’ve locked her out like I did yesterday. As I rolled around desperately, my only two thoughts were TOILET NOW and how did Bailey feel? I became so unhinged, I almost wished I had locked the door and shut us both out, leaving us dying to poop together. I wanted- no, I needed to see her potty dance again.

A particularly intense wave. “Mmmph! Hnngh-“ I whined, squeezing my butt. I was in hell. I couldn’t take it anymore. My fattened tummy was about to burst open and I had never felt this urge at such a severity. I held my bottom as I scrambled out of my room and into the bathroom, where I plugged my nose and shut the door behind me.

My final thought as I gripped my waistband was ‘Bailey thinks I’m going to shower…’ I reached over and turned the water on, then I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I looked dreadful. I was pale and sweaty, dancing desperately and holding myself. My belly was noticeably bigger. I felt like another second of holding would result in an accident, but I stood there squirming for a minute. I imagined I was Bailey, and this is what she felt like a minute ago. This was how distended with waste her belly was, and how close to disaster she had allowed herself to get. I took the rest of my clothes off and held my butt with both hands, waiting for no reason at all. The extreme pounding in my gut, begging me to relieve it, did not overpower my curiosity.

I stepped under the water, still overfull of waste. I felt like I was about to die. I marched and twisted my legs up, biting my knuckles in pain. Except I wasn’t the one in pain. It was Bailey, waiting on the other side of the door.

A daydream, of course, but this would honestly not be very hard to witness. Her tendency to hold for no reason is an almost constant occurrence. I couldn’t wait to see her desperate again. I felt so excited at the thought of her being in my predicament, this insane degree of urgency and discomfort, so much I was holding back…

With another wave, I squealed and hopped in place. A small shit came out. I could do nothing about it, it just happened. I froze, holding myself and looking at the disgusting thing I just did. Once again, clarity came to the rescue, and I frantically sat down on the toilet.

Immediately, I exploded. Hands cupped over my mouth and covered in goosebumps, I voided what felt like a hundred pounds. My bloated belly gradually deflated and I shuddered with relief. I hugged my knees and sighed blissfully. It felt so good to finally let it all out. My nausea disappeared as I sat there voiding my jam packed bowels. It was a conscious effort not to moan in ecstasy as what felt like an unrealistic amount of waste finally left my body.

*006*2023-08-01 19:37

My toilet exploration was getting dangerous. I almost completely messed myself just now. Now that I was in a neutral, comfortable state, the absurdity of my actions were clear. My desperation before entering the bathroom was unavoidable, as far as I was concerned. But holding it in the shower was just… bizarre. Why was it so fun to push my boundaries? What about this was I so fascinated by? I needed to figure this out somehow. Some google searches might be helpful, but I was worried about what I might find out about myself. I came to the possibly naive conclusion that this bout of strangeness may be alleviated should I witness the apex of all my shameful daydreams: Bailey, unbelievably desperate.

It made a little sense. It was always what I tended to imagine, what drove me to prolong the discomfort that fueled my imagination. I saw her needing to go badly often, almost every day, but she always ran off at the last second. I needed her past that last second. Second turned to minute, turned to ten minutes, turned to a trembling, writhing mess of genuine, unbearable desperation…

I snapped back to reality. To wish this on my best friend was totally cruel. I knew I could do nothing to orchestrate this. But if I only hung around her a bit more often, surely I’d witness something… right?

Part 4

I recognized the awkward walk Bailey did on the way to the couch. This girl had to pee. After a minute of sitting still, she winced and jiggled for a second, then took a bite of her food and a sip of her drink.

“Gotta piss!” she complained, rubbing her crotch for a second.

I made a face. “Why don’t you go?” I asked.

“Mmm…” she made a noise like she was thinking. With a worried grimace, she jerked her butt back in the seat and hurriedly started putting her things down next to her.

“Hey, uh…” I started to say, scrambling my brain for some reason to get her to wait. “Can I show you something?”

“Uh… Yeah,” she sounded surprised. I never share shows or videos with her. It’s always the other way around. I suddenly needed to find something to show her. She leaned back patiently, grabbing her food again.

I wanted something long. Something she’d feel awkward about leaving halfway through. We didn’t always like the same content, though. “So…” I tried to buy time as I scrolled through, “I don’t know if you’re into this kind of thing…”

She was wriggling side to side, watching the screen expectantly. “Documentaries?”

It was practically the only thing recommended on my account. “Y-yeah, there was this cool one I saw…”

“I like the animal ones,” she put her hand on her lap and gently pressed her fingers into her crotch. Her eyebrows furrowed nervously, coinciding with a change in sitting position.

“This one’s about monkeys!” I put on the longest one I could find. She was looking down at her food and didn’t see the length.

“Got to peeee,” she said under her breath.

I watched her like a hawk through my peripheral vision as time went on. Her squirming got more and more animated, and her verbal complaints about her discomfort became more frequent. We were only about twenty minutes into it when she started genuinely grossing me out again. I know it’s contradictory, but I’m a confused girl at the moment.

“My bladder, dude!” she said through her teeth. She scooted into the seat, grabbing and rubbing her crotch. She lurched forward and winced. “I’m gonna pisssss…”

It got too much for me. “You’re being weird again!” I shielded the view of her with my hand.

“I gotta go really bad,” she laughed. “This is super cool though,” she reassured me, and I realized she was trying not to interrupt what I was showing her with a bathroom break. This was perfect.

Ten minutes after that, I saw her bare her teeth in discomfort and scoot her heel underneath her, wriggling and jiggling like mad. “Fuck…” she muttered, shifting in her seat every couple of seconds. At one point, she rested her hand on her belly, which was an expression of desperation I realized I’d completely unappreciated. She was cradling her aching bladder the way you would a sore muscle or a stubbed toe. She inhaled sharply, putting her hand to her mouth for a second. “I gotta fucking pee, dude,” she laughed, rubbing herself between the legs.

Usually, I’d demand that she take care of it, but I was afraid she’d listen. “Oooh!” she groaned through clenched teeth, writhing in her seat. She pulled her shorts up to add pressure, giving herself a pretty visible cameltoe. Any reasonable human would simply ask to pause it if they cared this much about not interrupting. I was so lucky to have her.

She pulled a blanket over herself, curled up on her side and stayed like that for a while. I was at first disappointed at her lack of movement, but when she moved I realized that her hands were down the front of her shorts and she was holding herself directly. I wanted to look away, tell her to stop, but I was so oddly excited.

Ten minutes after that, she started kicking her legs and moving around erratically. She sat up, not taking her hands out of her pants. She was exceptionally shameless.

“How much longer is this?” she asked, sounding strained.

I felt a pang of guilt. “I dunno, do you want to pause? I wouldn’t mind.”

“Uhh-“ I saw by the movement in the fabric that she was squeezing and unsqueezing herself with both hands, kneading her pussy desperately.

“Ew!” I exclaimed, looking away and covering my face.

“Sorry!” she chuckled. When I looked back, her hands were balled up by her stressed out looking face. She winced and jerked her legs closer together. “It seems like it’s almost over…”

I was surprised by this response, and not just because it didn’t seem like that at all. I realized I might have a bigger part in taking care of her bodily needs than I thought. I’m always encouraging her to go, and now that I’m not…

She crossed her legs and held them close to her, rocking back and forth. “Gottapeegottapeegottapeegottapee…” she muttered. She inhaled sharply and tensed up, her hands once again shooting to her crotch. She moved so that she was sitting on her knees and wriggled side to side, grunting and squeaking quietly. “My bladder…” she groaned, exasperated. I cringed, but I was enamored.

Suddenly, the picture dropped in quality and it started buffering. I could see Bailey’s eyes light up with opportunity, both hands squeezing tightly.

“Do you want a white claw? I’m gonna grab one real quick,” I said suddenly, getting up.

She hesitated. “I probably shouldn’t, but I’m down,” she chuckled, scooting into her heel. “I’m gonna go…”

“What flavor do you want?” I interrupted from the kitchen.

“Uhh… Surprise me!”

The show resumed the moment I got back. Bailey had stood up, but stopped in her tracks when she saw the TV. She crossed her legs and held herself as I handed her the drink. She hesitated, then sat back down on her foot.

I couldn’t believe it. She was seriously still waiting. She had to be dying by now! Based solely her body language, she really was. The poor thing couldn’t stay still for a second. She must be holding back so much pee at this point, actively adding to it with the alcohol, on top of the dinner and drink she just finished.

Five minutes later, she was constantly gripping herself tightly with both hands, writhing madly around. She brought her knees up, tossing them side to side, before putting one foot under her and scooting into her heel. Then, with a whimper, she lurched forward and brought the other foot up, bouncing and scooting like crazy. She wriggled side to side for a minute before she sat on her butt and parted her thighs, knees by her ears, and closely inspected her groin. She pulled upward on the fabric.

“What are you doing!?” I said incredulously.

“I have to pee so bad!” she whined like she was about to cry, holding herself while she kicked and thrashed her feet off of the couch. “I was checking for leaks…”

It would be weird if I didn’t say it. “Why. Don’t. You. Go!?”

“I don’t feel like it!” she sat back, watching TV, grabbing crazily at her pussy and tapping her feet.

“Weirdo.”

She winced and sat on her feet again. “You’re actually being less weird about it today,” she said as if it were a compliment.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, you aren’t like ewww ew ew stop expressing basic human bodily functions! You’re jussssss- ooh-! Mmmph!” she lurched back and forth, holding herself and wriggling like crazy. “Ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod-“ she covered her mouth and got up, one hand between her legs, and started to run to the bathroom.

“There’s a difference between expression and obsession!” I hurriedly retorted.

She spun around, stepping around and holding her crotch. “And what is that supposed to mean?”

“I mean, you’re like obsessed with pee and farts and stuff!” I laughed. “It’s your only bit!” While I talked, she bit her lip and and writhed around on the spot.

“It is not my only bit!”

“It’s, like, your main bit.”

“Well, I’m not doing a bit right now, I just have to pee!”

“Well, we’re missing the monkey documentary.”

“Oh shit!” she exclaimed, running over to see what was on the screen. “Go back after I pee!” she took off back toward the toilet.

“How far?”

She stopped in the doorway, jumping and squirming like crazy. “Let’sfigureitoutinaminute!” she said before she slammed the door.

I paused the TV. I heard the slam of the toilet lid, a yelp from Bailey, an explosion of liquid splattering in the bowl, and a sigh in relief. My entire body tensed up and my first reflex was to resume the show and turn up the volume, but I refrained. I wondered how long she was going to pee for. As the hissing went on and on, reaching past the one minute mark, I dropped my jaw. Wow, she had to piss. I don’t even piss for this long. I hold when I can’t have total privacy, but she holds all the time for no reason. Her bladder must be so stretched, so experienced in retaining extreme volumes of liquid…

As her stream tapered off, I realized my hand had wandered between my legs. I was tingly and excited. I wanted her to have kept holding it. I wanted her to come out here and…

My hands shot to my mouth in shock. This avoidance turned fascination, this unexplained curiosity, the strange and revolting thoughts that I couldn’t get out of my head… It suddenly made so much sense. I didn’t know if I wanted to gag, cry, or go in my room and rub one out.

It appeared I had a fetish.
