A Camping Trip Void of Relief

Author: Quackduck

*003*2023-03-07 21:05

Experiencing desperation to such an insane degree changed my relationship with my bodily functions. I feel like the signals it sends me aren’t as urgent as I once thought they were. I didn’t even notice this about myself until I found myself squirming on the couch with a belly full of waste and a bladder full of urine, pressing my heel into my butt. The bathroom was wide open, but if I used it, Jacine would notice how long I’d be in there and know I was taking a #2. I’m aware of how silly this is, but I’m really shy, man. Some days I’m bolder than others, but not today.

I’d actually been harboring this ache all day. I felt it since I woke up, but I held in my poop while I took my morning pee because I knew Jacine was waiting for the bathroom to open up. I didn’t want her to smell it. Then I went to work, where I don’t go to the bathroom anyway. Jacine’s been in the living room within sight of the bathroom door since I got home.

“I’m gonna take a shower,” she said, getting up and closing the door behind her.

At least I won’t have to worry about her going in right after me once I can finally go. She’ll probably pee in the shower. I only wish she took shorter showers.

I felt gas bubbling up in my gut, the latest of many times it came knocking at the back door today. Each time I held it in it grew in urgency, so I was thanking god that I could finally let it out. The fart was long and windy, but tapered off before it was over. I had to push a little to get the rest out, a few more seconds of audible relief. At the end of it, the tip of the poop pressed against my asshole, nearly letting itself out. I clenched my asscheeks and gasped, my hand shooting to my behind.

I got a call from Alani. “Hey babe,” she said when I answered. “My sister’s in town. Wanna meet her?”

“Hells yeah!”

“Okay word, I’m comin’ to pick you up. We’re gonna hang out at her hotel.”

When I mentioned how long Jacine’s showers were before, I really wasn’t kidding. Alani arrived to pick me up before I even heard the water cut off. I was disappointed and annoyed that I still couldn’t relieve myself, but I kind of expected it. I walked my bloated self down to Alani’s car and climbed in the passenger seat.

“What you been up to?” she asked me.

“Work,” I cringed a little when a cramp hit my belly.

“Are you hungry? She already ate, so I wanna stop somewhere and get something real quick.”

I hesitated, my need to poop and pee taking up quite a bit of room in my body, but I was pretty hungry. “Yeah, sure.”

We went through the taco bell drive through and I got a big burrito and a soda. It satisfied my hunger, but it did not feel comfortable to introduce even more matter into my body. We sat outside the hotel until we finished. By that point, I had started squirming. The urge to pass gas came up quickly and powerfully, forcing me to squeeze my buttcheeks and shift in my seat awkwardly.

“Ready to go?” Alani said, taking a last sip from her drink.

“Yeah,” I said, then followed her into the building. In the elevator, I held my hands behind my back and pressed into my butt, shifting my weight side to side. Even if I didn’t urgently have to shit, I had to pee badly and I was having some serious trouble staying still. I wondered what the bathroom situation was like in the hotel room. Hopefully a secluded, well ventilated bathroom. A loud TV and some fabreze would be nice.

We knocked on the door and it was open momentarily. “Heyyy!” Alani and her sister said in unison, hugging each other tightly. “Aria, this is my friend Alexa,” she introduced.

“All A names, I like it!” she said, pulling me in for a hug, too. She squeezed me so tightly she almost made me shit. I’m not even kidding. I clenched my butt and my thighs, hugging her back but desperately wanting to squeeze my privates. My heart was beating so fast when she let me go. I thought I was going to lose it. “Come in, come in!” she said.

I stepped inside and saw that the bathroom door was facing the rest of the room, fully in view of everyone at all times. My heart sunk. I’d have to keep holding it in.

I sat in an armchair while Alani and Aria sat on the bed. We hung out for a long time. It was fun and we were getting along great. The only problem was that my need for a toilet was growing dire and I had no idea when we were going to leave. The soda was making its way through my body at breakneck speed, rapidly filling my bladder to the point of visible distention. I held my crossed legs tightly together, and I didn’t stay in the same sitting position for more than a minute. I needed to poop really badly, sure, but my need to piss was surpassing that. Every time my bladder contracted, trying to force some pee out, my whole body would jolt. I was trying so hard to keep my hands out of my crotch. I played nervously with my waistband as it dug painfully into my midsection.

Aria made me laugh. I ended up squirting a couple spurts of pee out into my underwear. This time, I couldn’t help it. I squeezed my pussy for just a second to help my screaming urethra continue its valiant retention.

“I gotta go to the bathroom,” I said, quickly rushing in and closing the door behind me. I turned the fan on as I bobbed up and down, tightly holding both ends. I didn’t want to stink up the bathroom. It was so small, I’d probably be stinking up the hotel room, too. But I was dying. Something needed to come out. I stood there dancing frantically while I thought of what I should do.

I remembered what I was able to do on the camping trip. Begrudgingly, I dropped my pants, clutched my butt, and sat down. I exploded urine into the bowl, letting out a sigh as I continued to clench my asscheeks and press into my straining, winking anus. I squirmed and writhed in agony, so close to bodily relief, but continuing to deny myself of it out of embarrassment. I looked around for aerosol spray and saw none. My only option was to keep it all inside my body.

It was extremely difficult. As my urine stream tapered off, still leaving a bit of ache in my bladder on account of my unwillingness to completely relax, I reached over to grab some toilet paper. Unexpectedly, a little shit forced it’s way out and dropped into the toilet when I took one of my hands away from my butt. I gasped and stood up, clutching my bottom and dancing crazily. My bloated belly was screaming and begging for relief, but I wouldn’t give it. I wiped my butt while I was standing up and hurriedly flushed the toilet before the scent had a chance to travel out of the room. I allowed myself to fidget freely while I washed my hands, jerking my butt around and high stepping like an idiot. A serious cramp and rectal contraction threatened to force me to poop my pants, making me arch my back and hold my butt to keep it in.

I was going on 12 hours with no potty break, so why did I need to go so badly? I’ve held it in for days before! I told myself mind over matter as I went back out into the room.

The next hour was utter agony. I was sweating and unbearably uncomfortable. It was really hard to focus on conversation, but I made it to the end of it without messing myself. As they started wrapping it up and saying goodbye, I stood up carefully and hobbled to the door.

I nearly started to panic when Aria went in for another hug. I was currently straining my butthole, struggling to keep an urgent fart in. She squeezed me tightly, forcing a long, airy, thankfully silent bunch of gas out of me. I struggled to stop it and was unsuccessful. I had to get out of there before it started to stink.

“It was so nice to meet you!” she smiled.

“Y-yeah, you too,” I said. “See you later!” I hurried out of the room and down the hall.

“Wait up!” Alani said. “You gotta be somewhere?”

“Uh- nah, I don’t,” I replied awkwardly. She looked at me suspiciously, and I pretended not to notice. We stepped into the elevator and I leaned against the wall, crossing my arms in front of me.

“You okay?”

“Yeah! Why?”

She looked at me. Then she smirked and poked me hard in my side. I gasped, jerking my body away, but the jab had forced out a loud poot and caused me to prarie dog for a second. Alani’s hands cupped around her mouth in shock, then she cackled hysterically.

“Stoppp!” I begged, hiding my beet red face in my hands.

“I knew it! You have to poop! I knew when you still looked all uncomfy even after you left the bathroom! It’s just like the camping trip!”

I looked at her horrified. “You guys knew I had to go!?”

“Well, they didn’t. I had an inkling that got confirmed on the drive home.”

I dropped my head. “Ohh…” I groaned in humiliation.

The doors opened and she grabbed my hand. “Come on, let’s stop at a gas station on the way home.”

I didn’t know how to behave anymore now that my secret was out. When we got to the car, I almost pooped myself sitting down, the motion jostling the jammed-tight contents of my rectum. “Hnngh-“ I grunted accidentally, rocking back and forth in extreme discomfort. I dialed it down when she got in. I sat on my hands, leaning forward slightly. I thought I was going to throw up. The contents of my gut were churning uncomfortably. I could feel the rumbling constantly.

“H-hey, I thought we were going to a gas station,” I said as we drove by one.

“You need me to?”

I paused. “W-well… You don’t- I-I mean…”

“I’m kidding, doofus!” she laughed. “I’m just messing with you!”

I squirmed and fidgeted the entire drive to the next gas station. I couldn’t help it. My body had taken over, forcing these antsy movements to keep it all in. I almost cried when we came upon a red light. Without warning, Alani slammed on the breaks.

“Oooof…!” I groaned, the seatbelt digging into my fattened tummy. “W-Why’d you do that!?”

“‘Cuz it’s funny,” she replied with a giggle.

“It’s nottt,” I whined, writhing in my seat.

“Is it bad?”

I hesitated. “Yeah,” I admitted.

She reached over and squeezed my side, making me yelp and jump away. The pressure pushed the tip of my shit out, and I was now straining with all my strength to retract it. I bounced desperately on my butt, grabbing madly at my hindquarters. Pain radiated from the squeeze, skyrocketing the urgency and discomfort. It eventually went back up inside me. “W-Why the fuck-“

“I already told you, man, it’s funny!” she said as she accelerated through the green light.

“You don’t get it,” I complained, clutching my stomach and doubling over. I was sweating bullets, my body begging me for some kind of relief.

Alani broke hard again as we finally pulled into a gas station, laughing at me when I groaned. She drove right past all the parking spots and went around again.

“What are you doing!?” I was sitting on the edge of my seat, beyond ready to get out and bolt to the toilet.

“I’m looking for a parking spot,” she laughed.

“They’re everywhere! Please, just- please-“ I winced and shoved my hand under my butt as my rectum contracted and my asshole trembled with strain. “I’m gonna be sick…”

“Really?” she sounded a bit concerned now. When we circled back around, she pulled into a spot, but rolled into it really slowly.

“Pleaseeee!” I whined as she giggled. I leapt out of the car and ran shamelessly into the building, holding my butt with both hands. I ran past a few people, turning my face an even deeper shade of red. Poop was starting to push it’s way out. As I approached the bathroom, I was farting a little bit with each step.

Everything was a blur. I had tears in my eyes. I pushed the bathroom door open, but it took a little more exertion than I was expecting, and it pushed out a long poop that coiled against my butt and sagged my underwear. I gasped and whimpered, frantically sprinting into the first open stall I could find. I yanked my pants down without even shutting the door, pooping full force before my butt even made contact with the seat. I wiped tears out of my eyes and pulled my underwear up over the toilet, letting the turd drop into the bowl while I continued to unload the huge volume of waste I’d been retaining. I held the stall door shut while I looked miserably at the disgusting damage I’d done to my underwear, tears still flowing from humiliation. I’d be going commando until I got home, it seemed.

