Paige likes to hold her pee

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-07-29 07:32

Paige squirmed into her heel. It was distracting her from what she was painting, but she was a good multitasker. Plus, she thought it felt kind of good to hold in a full bladder sometimes. When it didn't, she at least didn't mind the feeling.

To tell the truth, Paige had an odd fascination with retaining urine. She did it quite frequently, so much so that some of her closer friends knew about her habit and occasionally did it too when they were around her.

She looked up at Eleanor from across the bed, who was fidgeting in a similar manner. Leaned forward with her chin resting on her hands with her knees under her belly, her hips slightly gyrating.

"Are you holding in your pee?" she asked her. Eleanor met her eyes and nodded.

Paige, taking another sip from her drink, got up from the bed and went downstairs to get two cokes. Eleanor sat up and smirked when she was handed one. "No pee breaks tonight?" she asked, cracking it open and taking a sip.

"Only if you want to," Paige replied, getting back on the bed. "Can I see what you're painting?" She turned it around. A snail on a flower. "Nice."

The cokes were drained in like twenty minutes, and about a half an hour later Paige saw Eleanor bite her lip and lean forward out of the corner of her eye, a look of worry spread across her face.

Paige estimated they were at a similar (if not the same) level of desperation. She felt like, if she wanted to, she could pee her pants right there. She was getting butterflies. She zipped downstairs and got two more cokes. Eleanor looked hesitant this time.

"You don't have to!" she assured her friend.

"No, I want to," Eleanor replied, jiggling her leg and drinking from the can. "I just really gotta go," she looked sheepishly at her through her round-rimmed glasses.

"I do too," Paige held herself for a second before going back to her painting. Her bladder was getting really full by this point. She sat leaning against the wall, her painting resting on her clenched knees. She was constantly slightly shifting her position and moving her hips around. By the time she was almost finished with what she was painting, Paige was finding it impossible to concentrate. Her brush strokes were becoming shaky. She checked on Eleanor peripherally, who was finding it difficult to keep from touching or squeezing her crotch and thighs.

"You okay?" She asked.

"Yeah," Eleanor replied, "but I don't think I can paint right now. I might go to the bathroom."

Paige put her own painting to the side, burying both hands in her lap. "I have to go really bad too."

A lot of time passed. They simply hung out during this time and their desperate need to piss wasn't mentioned for a while. Then...

"Paige I'm dying," Eleanor giggled nervously, squirming frantically.

"Are you gonna go?"

Eleanor stood up, stepping around and squeezing herself. She kept pulling on the butt of her leggings like she was pulling out a wedgie. "I don't know," she said, writhing in place. "Ohh, my bladder..."

Paige, who had been scooting back and forth into her heel, stopped and watched wide-eyed as Eleanor stuck her hands down the front of her pants. When piss started squirting out of her, Paige frantically resumed her squirming to keep herself contained. It felt like the rest of the contents of her screaming, overfilled bladder could come out at any moment.

"Okay, I think I have to go to the toilet," Eleanor said, starting to walk away.

"Do you have a pee baby?" Paige interrupted.

Eleanor pulled her shirt up and her leggings down in the front. Despite the constant wiggling, she could make out a huge bulge of piss sticking out of her friend's belly. "I don't think I can hold it much longer," she whined, doubling over with her hands in her crotch.

Paige spurted again, despite her squirming. She winced, and her fidgeting intensified. "Does standing up really help it?" she asked, getting up and pacing around, holding herself with both hands.

"Not really," Eleanor replied, bending her knee on the bed to sit on her heel.

The intensity of her need to urinate kept forcing Paige to bend her knees and sometimes squat down to the ground, pushing her heel into herself and squirming into it. Upon trying to stay standing and keep her composure, she felt another hot spurt of piss saturate even more of her underwear. She fell onto the bed, holding her crotch with all her strength, her legs twisting tightly together.

"Ahh-- I'm leaking, I'm leaking..." Eleanor gripped herself tightly, her body trembling.

"I've been leaking, man," Paige laughed.

"Ohhh-- Okay I have to pee right now," Eleanor exclaimed and ran into the bathroom without even shutting the door behind her. The immediate sound of hissing and pattering liquid was too much for Paige to bear. She held it in for almost thirty torturous seconds, writhing around holding herself in agony as Eleanor's sigh of relief and lengthy stream emanated from the bathroom. She even squeezed through the first few spurts, but it was ultimately futile. As soon as she stopped fighting it, she flooded her pants with hot piss, drenching not only herself but her bedsheets as well. It hissed loudly with Eleanor's stream, which was still going on. Paige, stifling a moan from the bliss and relief she was feeling, assessed the spreading damage as it happened. A huge puddle on the top of the bed, streaking down the side and dripping into a somehow bigger puddle on the floor. Her pants had been soiled to the most literal description of the word.

*001*2021-08-07 21:04

Paige's bladder was swollen and filled with pee as she laid in her bed one night, staring at the cieling. She really had to go, and she knew she probably should, but it felt good to hold it all in. The concern that she wouldn't make it until morning crossed her mind, but she drifted off to sleep before she acted on it.

Then she was walking down the street of a city. It looks like Seattle, she thought, pausing to look around. She bobbed up and down with her hands between her legs as she did so, really feeling the need to urinate now. Suddenly becoming aware of the people around her, she sheepishly stood upright and put her hands at her sides, starting to walk again.

I should find a bathroom, she thought to herself. She needed to pee really badly. It was getting hard to ignore. But it still felt good in that weird way a couple of her friends had said they felt, too. In fact, this time, it felt reallygood. There was a mix of urinary urgency and titillating warmth spreading around her belly and her crotch, which she hadn't realized she'd been holding onto as she walked. She didn't want this feeling to end, but she wanted quick access of a restroom in case that changed.

She went into a building, which looked like a tavern from a fantasy movie on the inside. She noticed, but didn't think much of the drastic change in scenery.

"How many?" asked a waiter. Luckily, he had no face, so she didn't feel self conscious about squirming.

"Just one," she replied. She followed him as she showed her to a table, bouncing on her heels as he placed the menu and silverware down.

"Thanks. Where's your bathroom?" she asked.

Somehow, the waiter smiled. "We don't do that here," he said. Paige was left wondering if she did something rude. She bounced in the seat, looking at the menu. "These are all drinks!" she said to herself, and it was true. They were also all named after volumes of liquid.

The faceless waiter came back. "Do you know what you want?"

"Is this how much of the drink I'll get?" she asked.

"No, they all come in one size. That's how much of the drink will go through you."

"Go through me?"

"The amount you'll pee out."

She looked puzzled. "Oh. I'll have this one then, I guess. The ounce."

"Are you sure? You strike me as being a bit more experienced than that."

She looked at the menu again. "How about this one? The pint? How much is that?"

"Excellent choice," the waiter said, taking her menu and immediately placing down a green drink. "Enjoy."

Paige leaned back, sipping her drink and fanning her legs, holding herself with her free hand under the table. A twinge of impending leakage caused her to jolt forward, sticking her butt out and wiggling. Biting her nails and looking around for the bathroom, she noticed none of the other staff or the few patrons had faces either. Could they see? Of course not, how could they?

She stuck her hand in her pants and squeezed. Expecting to be granted a slight bit of relief, she was instead washed with a wave of pleasure that spread through her crotch into her tight, full bladder. She was bursting, but it's never felt this good before.

She finished her drink and held herself with both hands, squirming and writhing desperately. Paige had to pee so bad it hurt. Scooting back and forth, she realized she was going to pee herself if she didn't go soon.

She went up to the bar, twisting her legs up like a pretzel. "Where's your restroom?" she asked.

"We don't do that here."

A wave hit and she started stepping around. "What does that mean? You have to have a restroom! Isn't it, like, illegal if you don't?"

"It's just not what this place is for."

She jumped up onto a bar stool, crossing her legs and wiggling her butt. It was getting worse by the second. "I just have to go so bad."

"I'm sure there's somewhere that has what you're looking for. Just not here, sweetie. Could I get you a two-cup?"

She doubled over and pushed her hands into her crotch. "Oohh-- no thanks, I gotta go..."

She leapt off the seat and ran outside, holding herself with both hands. Her screaming bladder pulsed uncomfortably with every step, threatening to leak at any moment. She ran into a different place and immediately asked for a bathroom.

"It's for customers only. Would you like a table?" This waiter had nothing but a giant pair of eyes on top of his shoulders.

"Yes! Please, just let me go to the bathroom," she pleaded, unable to hide her extreme desperation.

"You'll have to order something first. A lot of people act like they're going to give us some business just to use our bathroom."

She sat down in the booth, wriggling desperately. "Just give me anything!"

The waiter rolled his eyes.

"I'm sorry!" She scanned the menu, dancing madly. Her need to piss was so intense that she'd forgotten about the sensation in her nether regions, and it was easing its way back into her focus. She bit her lip, scooting back and forth and squeezing herself. If she wasn't on the verge of wetting herself in public, she might have enjoy the feeling a bit more.

"Could I just get this one?" she asked, pointing to a drink.

"Sure thing."

"And could I use that bathroom?"

"Sure, and leave immediately after? At least pay first. That's our rule. You gotta pay first."

He left Paige alone, presumably to get her drink she really didn't want. She put her hand under her crotch and sat on it, wriggling madly into it while her other hand gripped the fabric of her pants so hard her knuckles were white. Her cheeks were flushed pink and she couldn't keep from pushing her fingers into herself. It felt good, but it also felt like she was about to explode. The two sensations were the same. A spurt of piss squeezed its way out of her tired, throbbing urethra, making her double over and rest her head on the table. She had to go so bad she felt like crying.

The waiter returned with the drink, his huge eyes peering down at the bursting girl.

"How much is it?" she asked, pulling out her wallet as she squirmed desperately.

"Sixty eight cents."

Her hands were shaking as she started pulling out coins and dropping them on the table. It seemed like she only had pennies.

"Do you have enough?" the waiter asked.

"I..." Paige had so much piss inside of her that she couldn't think. It hurt really bad. "I j-just really need to go to the b-bathroom."

"It's only for customers," he repeated.

She choked out a whimper as another bit of pee squirted out of her again. "I can't- I can't hold it, please!"

As she felt her urethral muscles finally give up and the contents of her bladder spill into her pants, he simply looked at her. Hissing as the crotch of her pants went dark, spreading down her legs. Pattering as it dripped onto the floor. She couldn't believe how good it felt. A moan escaped her lips as her bladder emptied a torrent of piss that saturated her clothes. She closed her eyes, her entire focus on her blissful relief.

She didn't want to look back at the waiter. Still, she forced herself to open her eyes...

Paige was in her bed, still leaking urine into her soaked sheets. "Oh, shit..." she muttered, sitting up, unable (and unwilling) to stem the stream. "That's so much pee..." She pulled her waistband away from her belly, watching the last dribble of pee come out of her pussy. It wasn't just urine that had saturated her underwear.

*003*2021-09-13 06:25

A liter of water and two and a half miles under foot left Paige's bladder swollen and hurting by the time she was heading back down from the summit, taking a hike with her dog. It was protruding out of her leggings. Every step was an uncomfortable jolt, but she picked up the pace to reduce the amount of unavoidable piss stops on the way down the mountain. Paige put her hands over her aching, piss-filled organ.

The view was pretty astounding. Distractingly, the sensation of a full bladder was sending pleasure waves through her nether regions. She tapped her fingers against her pee baby, then dropped one hand to her side while the other went between her legs. By the halfway point, she ready to burst.

Constant squeezing was needed to keep from spurting. She was drinking from a gatorade bottle, despite already having desperately overfilled herself to the point of emergency. Her walking speed often stuttered so that she could bob or lurch forward, clutching her crotch trying to keep the ocean of urine inside her..

The first spurt was what sent her rushing off the trail, her fingers gripping hard into her vagina. Another one as she stood stepping around, looking around her to make sure there was enough privacy. There wasn't. Then, as she ran to a more covered spot with her Border Collie excitedly following behind, she just started pissing herself.

"Fuck!" she exclaimed, pulling down her leggings and releasing a torrent of piss against the ground. She had only just begun sighing in relief when the sound of talking startled her badly. She painfully tightened her urethra and yanked her leggings back up, grimacing in the discomfort. Her bladder still ached urgently. She rushed back onto the trail, liquid sloshing around inside her, and carried on casually past when she soon passed a couple of hikers going the opposite direction.

*004*2021-09-17 16:42

It was hard to keep herself composed, smiling politely at the hikers. Paige had both hands between her legs squeezing madly as soon as they passed by. She felt ready to leak again. She had the chance to sneak off back into the bushes and finish, but some swirling sensation of pleasure in her bladder and her privates was begging her to keep it in.

Her underwear was soggy in the crotch, as was her thighs. It wasn't just her tired muscles that made it hard to hold it in. Despite relieving herself a little bit earlier, her bladder was still uncomfortably full. She could feel it pulsing, stretching tightly into a visible bulge. She had to piss really badly.

If she were standing in one place, she'd be jumping around like a lunatic. Speed-walking was her only alternative. She almost made it all the way to the bottom without another pee break, but by then she couldn't take it anymore. The pleasurable sensations had since been taken over by extreme discomfort; searing, tight pain in her bladder and an ache in her kidneys.

She stumbled to the side of the trail, spurting the whole walk there, and yanked down her pants with no regard for any onlookers around her. "Ohh--" she moaned, releasing a hard jet of urine into the grass for well over a minute. The recklessness of her actions hit her as she was peeing, and she pulled her pants up right before she was all the way done, saturating her underwear even more. She rushed off of the trail and headed home, ready for a change of clothes.

*007*2021-11-03 00:19

I am going to start titling these.

Desperate Bath

Paige was watching TV upside down. Laying on her back with her head dangling off the side of the bed, she was bouncing her knees together in response to the little liquid-filled bladder that was sticking out of her belly. It was urgently pleading with her to be emptied, sending alarm signals to her in the form of uncomfortable pressure. Counteractively, it was also a warm, titillating sensation flowing through her private parts.

She'd had to go for some time now. Large sections of the movie she was watching were being missed from the distraction in her nether regions. She swung her legs off the bed and ran to the bathroom with her hands between her legs. She turned the hot water on and started filling up the bathtub, twisting her legs up and doubling over, squeezing herself tightly. She pulled her shirt off as she walked awkwardly to the hamper, tossing it in as she stuck her butt out, the need to urinate pounding in her abdomen. She jumped around as she undid her pants, sloshing the urine around. Paige pulled them off and grabbed her pussy tightly. Now that she was naked from the waist down, it felt like it was going to come out at any moment.

She stepped around madly as she undid her bra and threw it with her other clothes. She squirted soap into the running water, tossed in a bathbomb, and stepped in. It almost scalded her feet. Running only cold water, she stood here squirming and squeezing and stepping in place until it was barely comfortable enough to sit down. She sat on her knees, the hot water lapping at her ass and pussy. She rubbed her pussy lips to keep from leaking as she sat down all the way. The water enveloped the bulge of her bladder, somehow amplifying the almost unbearable feeling of pressure.

Paige was dying to piss. Her swollen bladder was begging her to relieve herself. She was gripping herself tightly, sitting on her fingers and scooting her vagina into them. In the hot water, it felt like the pee was creeping to the end of her urethra, ready to squirt out the second she relaxed. But it made her feel so good! She didn't divulge to her friends exactly how intensely the pleasure of a bursting bladder affected her. When she had to go this bad, every touch to that area was an explosion of feeling.

She felt herself starting to piss. She immediately stood up, squeezing herself with wild legwork, fighting the fiery sting in her peehole. "Oh my god!" she said out loud, the extreme sensation of desperation overwhelming her.

She turned the water off and sat with one leg on either side of the tub wall. She was essentially humping it, frantically doing anything to keep the pee inside. Erratic spurts started forcing their way out of her every few seconds. Just when she was beginning to think she couldn't take it anymore, a strong jet of pee came squirting out as quickly as the spurts were. She leapt up again, gripping herself tightly, urine leaking from in between her fingers from where she wasn't quite able to stop in time. She swung her leg over and dried her wet foot on the rug by the tub, thighs pressed tightly together with her hands between her legs. She squeezed her eyes shut tight and sat on the tub as barely a tablespoon of urine seeped out of her, her urethra screaming to be relaxed. The muscle was almost burning from overwork.

She could feel a warm puddle of pee under her butt from where she leaked on the wall of the tub. Since she was no longer dripping bathwater by this point, she ran to the toilet, ripped off a strip of toilet paper, and wiped the side of the tub clean while digging her heel into her bare pussy. Another hard spurt of urine hissed out and dripped down her foot. She groaned as she stood up to kick the rug over the spot she had made on the porcelain floor. She ran back to the toilet and dropped the paper in, desperately twisting her legs up like a pretzel. Her eyes were watering. Why were her eyes watering?

Her bursting, overfilled bladder felt like it was going to burst open from the extreme amount of liquid she was holding inside of it. Her lower belly was so swollen with urine that she was aware of it just by the feeling of the bulge under her wrists as she held herself. This was the most desperate she'd ever felt- and she'd pissed herself before! How was she holding this much completely naked? It was too much while standing next to the toilet as it flushed, and another short stream of piss escaped her clenched peehole and cascaded down her legs. Paige wanted to back in the bath, but she thought she wouldn't be able to hold in her bladder if her lower extremities were under warm water again. Coming to the conclusion that it might be easier to hold it if she ran around, she bolted desperately to the bathroom door and poked her head out.

"Is anyone home?" she called loudly, gyrating her ass as she rubbed her vagina, squeezing and unsqueezing as she stepped side to side. Luckily, no one was there to hear her voice shaking with desperation. Still completely nude, she ran down the hall and through the living room, into her room and into the kitchen. Her bladder was screaming. It was the only thing that she could think about. When piss started coming out despite her movement, she made a beeline for the bathroom. It only got stronger as she sprinted desperately down the hall, fully gushing out of her by the time she jumped into the tub and fell on her ass in the water.

"Ahh-!!" she moaned loudly as she finally unclenched her urethra, intense euphoria spreading through her whole body. She positioned herself so that her pussy was out of the water, pissing loudly and powerfully into the bath. "Jesus christ!" she groaned in pleasure. What seemed like gallons of urine gushed out of her bladder as her enormous bulge deflated like a balloon. The stream died out over the course of two minutes, before getting a second wind and going strong for another minute. She sat down, breathing deep from exertion. She played with her tingling pussy as she decided whether or not to actually bathe in that water or not.

*008*2021-11-07 09:34

Camping Accident, Part One

POV: Eleanor

"Hey, do you think we can go outside again soon?" I asked Paige. I got no answer. I sat up so I could see what she was doing and she appeared to be sleeping. I huffed. About five hours ago, we learned that the camper bathroom overflows when it's flushed. I went with her to go outside probably three hours ago and I couldn't get the floodgates to open. I kind of had to go, but I was really only going because she was going. She had a hissing river to let out. All I did was fart. As for my current situation, I'd been squirming for a long time and I was beyond ready to relieve myself, but I felt so bad waking people up.

I paced up and down the camper, patting my vagina. I was seriously considering using the toilet. The flush would probably wake her up anyway, though. But the sink...

I pulled my pants down my thighs and hopped up, trying to position my plus sized ass over this tiny sink. I couldn't let it out fast enough; it was like the stream was sitting at the end of my urethra, ready to come out at any moment. It didn't jet as planned, though, and I ended up squirting pee onto the counter and floor, wetting my undies. With both hands I managed to stem the flow, wincing and hopping off so I could double over and squeeze my thighs together. I pulled my pants back up and ripped off some paper towels to clean up, squirming the entire time.

Later, I was sitting on my knees digging my heel into my crotch. Subtle waves of pleasure were swirling in my belly, reaching down through my bursting bladder and into my nether regions. I really didn't want to go outside by myself, so I decided to at least try to make it until morning...

POV: Paige

Someone shook me awake frantically. It was Eleanor, her cute, panicked face whispering inches from mine.

"I have to pee really bad!" she was clearly unable to keep still. It always took me a minute to get out of sleep mode. She shook me again. "Come onnn, I really have to go!"

"Okay, okay..." I mumbled, climbing out of bed. I had to accompany her to relieve herself because she was afraid of going outside in the dark alone. I took my time because I really liked watching Eleanor desperately trying to keep her piss inside of her. It happened often, and I was always enamored by the frantic way she moved her body. Her hips did most of the work in the awkward, desperate dance she'd have going on. Gyrating, sticking her butt out or to the side while her legs twisted up under her... I had apparently slept through the earlier, more casual stages of her desperation, which consisted of stepping around, patting herself, lifting her legs up like she was marching, and subtle squirming... I was witnessing a situation much more serious than that. This was an emergency.

"Hurry, pleasee!!" she whined as I tiredly unrolled my socks. "You don't even need your shoes!"

"I don't want to step on something."

"Ohhh...!" She was kicking her feet back, her hands clutching her crotch tightly. She turned away from me and bent over.

"You okay?" I asked.

"No, I have to pee really, really badly," she said, turning back around. She was squirming madly, and her face was really flushed. I could see her perspiring from how much she was struggling. She stuck her hands down the front of her leggings.

"Ew!" I said jokingly.

"I'm gonna pee myself if you don't hurry up right now, Paige," she said, "I'm being serious. I need you to come outside with me right now so I can pee."

"I'm going as fast as I can," I said.

"No, you're being slow as fuck!" she said and started jumping up and down. "I have to pee so bad! I can't take it anymore, dude!"

"Okay, you gotta calm down."

"It hurtssss..."

"Okay, I'm ready--" I started to say, when a noise like a thud and some skittering came from outside. "What was that?"

"What?" Eleanor asked, stepping side to side and holding her crotch.

I peeked outside the window and saw only darkness. "You didn't hear that?"

"Hear what??" she asked impatiently.

POV: Eleanor

When I didn't get an answer the second time, I groaned miserably. I walked over to it and fell face-down on the couch, both hands still squeezing between my legs. My bladder seriously felt like it was about to burst.

Sometimes I think about why I'm doing this to myself. I'm sure if I rushed outside, Paige would be right behind me.

I've known Paige forever. When she told me about how often she held in her pee and why, it explained a lot of her strange behavior around going to the bathroom. She presented the pastime to me like she was revealing a strange discovery, piqueing my interest and leading me to try it. I'm aware of the sexual aspect of it and I don't suspect any creepiness. It wasn't manipulative; it was a genuine confidement of a strange, guilty pleasure. I knew what she meant and had felt it before, but had never intentionally induced it before. Before I knew it, my bladder was busting every other day. It was for the feeling I felt at that moment: the tingling sensation of pleasure that spread from my bladder to my peehole. I wasn't quite pushing my way to relief, and I think Paige knew that.

As I sat up and squirmed in the seat about 15 minutes later, cradling my screaming bladder on the verge of tears, I realized the pleasure feelings I'd noticed when my bladder had been manageably full were beginning to be eclipsed by intense discomfort. I rubbed my swollen belly and felt how tight and distended with pee I was. I was so full it hurt. I got up and started pacing around again, but I could feel my legs start to buckle beneath me.

"P-Paige, I really c-can't wait anymore..." I stuttered, dropping to my knees with my hands between my thighs.

"I'm serious, El, I swear I heard something," she said. "It's freakin' me out."

"Come on, it was p-probably just an animal," I told her as I doubled over. I stuck my hand in my underwear again to squeeze myself. I hadn't noticed any further leakage, but my pussy was soaked.

Paige got up and started trying to shine a flashlight out the window. "Dude, come on!" I said, annoyed. "I'm f-fucking dying, man, let's just go really quick!"

"Alright, alright! Sheesh." I scrambled behind her as she started to unlock the door. "Bet you don't even have to go that bad," she said, and thwapped my belly with the back of her fingers.

"Ughh!" I exclaimed, doubling over. It fucking hurt, and it pissed me off. But something weird happened. It sent shockwaves of pleasure through the region, so intense it almost alleviated my desperation for a second. Almost.

I was still recoiling from what happened when Paige called from outside.

"Are you coming?" she asked, "it's creepy as hell out here."

My entire body was trembling. I carefully stepped outside, holding myself with one hand and rubbing my bladder with the other. I pushed on it gingerly, seeing if I could find that feeling again, but it just hurt. Oh my god, I had to piss.

"Well, are you gonna go?" Paige asked.

"W-When you smacked my b-bladder, it felt really good for a s-second..."

"Whoa, really?"

"But it hurt too!"

"Do you want me to do it again?"

"N-no! I d- I don't think... oh f-fuck!" I was pissing myself. It took me a few seconds to wrestle my pants down, enough time for my pee stream to make it down my legs and through the fabric. I was already peeing full force by the time it was out of the way. Immense pleasure came in waves through my privates, the strength of the stream against my urethra enough to stimulate it even more. It was blissful, but...

"Oh, El, why are you crying?" Paige asked. I could hear genuine sympathy in her voice and it made me feel better.

"I don't know, I p-pissed my fucking pants," I said, wiping the tears from my eyes. "It's embarrassing."

"It's happened to me before," she said, rubbing my back. "You've seen it. I'm not judging you. I know you really had to go. I'm really sorry I hit you and made you wait."

My stream was still going strong. I was thinking about the time I came back from the bathroom to see her in soggy pants, taking off her soiled bedsheets. "I know you aren't judging me," I laughed. "Oh, god... Could you bring me something to wipe with?"

*009*2021-11-08 02:18

Camping Accident, Part 2

I wiped my pussy and pulled up my soaked pants. A little later, I was standing at the sink completely naked from the waist down, wetting paper towels and wiping my legs off. Paige was facing the wall for my privacy, sipping from something.

"Are you really drinking a monster right now?" I asked, "it's like four in the morning."

"Yeah," she laughed, taking one last sip and tossing the can in the trash. "Are you done yet? I wanna get another."

"In a second," I replied, pulling on some shorts. I grabbed one and handed it to her.

"Thanks. Are you okay?"

"I was okay before," I said, sitting down beside her. "I just haven't pee'd my pants since I was little. It was kind of a shock."

I noticed Paige was wriggling a bit as she cracked open the can and drank it. "It's always my own fault when I pee my pants," she chuckled.

"I have to pee again already," I said. It was a small urge, but there nonetheless.

"Always gotta pee again right after you have to go really bad."

"Come with me outside real quick?"

"In a minute," she said, taking the last gulp. I'd never seen people down drinks faster than Paige.

I didn't ask again for a while. Sitting up on the bed, I felt like I could fall asleep right there like that, but I knew I shouldn't. I had to urinate really bad again. I knew the volume of liquid wasn't even close to what I was holding in before, but my pee muscles were so tired. I'd be humiliated if I wet the bed.

Paige was doing something on her computer, curled up in a ball leaning on my shoulder. "Do you want to go outside now?" I asked.

She grunted tiredly in response.

"I really gotta go," I said, drumming my fingers on my crotch as I tensed and untensed my thighs and butt. I felt like I was going to leak.

Paige stood up on her knees next to me. "Get me back," she said.

"What?"

"I have to pee really bad right now," she said, "I hit you in the belly earlier. I don't think I have to go as bad as you did, but just get me back."

"But I don't want to hit you."

"Dude, you're making me feel bad," she said, starting to fidget. "Just smack me as hard as I smacked you."

"You didn't even smack me, it was like a-" I lightly tapped her in the belly.

"That was so light," she laughed.

"I don't know, man!" Laughing almost made me pee. I pinched between my legs and rocked side to side.

I guess a wave hit her because Paige suddenly stuck her butt out before sitting on her heel. "I just wanna see what you meant when you said it felt really good when I hit you," she said, moving her hips to rub her crotch into her heel.

"Well, it still hurt."

"I figured it did," she said. "Holding it 'till you bust still hurts, but its worth it to feel good. I promise you don't have to feel bad about hitting me." She stood up on her knees again, giving herself a squeeze before lifting her shirt above her belly button. "Just real quick!"

I hesitated, then hit her the same way she hit me. I could tell she was full of liquid by the sound her stomach made. "Like that?" I asked.

She hesitated before saying, "Try doing it harder."

I winced and squeezed myself, leaning forward for a second because my bladder was sending out waves of urgency. I just wanted to go outside already, so I tried not to overthink it. I just hit her. I knew it was too hard as soon as i did it.

"Oomf!" the blow made her recoil and double over.

"Oh god, I'm sorry!" I said, putting my hand on her shoulder. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," she said, still doubled over and sounding strained. "Don't be sorry, I asked you to. It doesn't hurt that much, I kind of overreacted..."

"I'm sorry, Paige."

"It's okay!" She sat up, holding herself and gyrating her hips. "Do you want to go outside now?"

I almost didn't make it. I spurted as I was unlocking the door, and burst as soon as my pants were down. Paige was holding her bladder as she urinated.

"Are you okay?" I asked, "I didn't mean to hit you that hard."

"El, I'm fine I swear!" she replied, "I wanted you to do that, I was asking you to."

"Did it feel good at all?"

A slight pause. "Yeah," she replied, "a little bit I think."

POV: Paige

My bladder was still aching from the hit. It really did hurt a lot. It sent a jet of urine into my underwear when it happened, too. I did it to myself, though. I was still intrigued by that feeling she described. I wanted to try again. Just not now.

>>This last part contains some poop stuff, so skip to the next entry if that isn't your thing!<<

Getting hit in the stomach was a great discomfort for a couple of reasons. I'd been harboring a different fullness in my belly for quite some time. It'd go away and come back, but now as I was squatting and pissing, it felt ready to come out. Actually, it felt more than ready to come out. I cut my stream short because I just couldn't relax down there anymore. I had to go soon.

But it was really dark. I waited much longer than I wanted to because I get anxious enough just being outside at night right in front of the camper

I considered how long it was until I would be home, or at least near a gas station. Hours at least. I stood up and pulled my pants up, deciding to continue to try to wait it out.

We went back inside and layed down on the bed. I looked on my phone just to distract myself.

"Are you sure I didn't hit you too hard?"

"Absolutely. I'm fine, El." I could feel my lower abdomen cramping, my belly bloated with shit. A little bit later, a bunch of gas bubbled up in my colon. I had to fart extremely badly, but I kept it in out of embarrassment. I needed to do it so urgently, though, that I was flexing my butt tightly so as to not let it out. "You awake?" I asked. When here wasn't a response, all I had to do was untense myself and it came out.

I think it was almost two hours when I decided that I couldn't take it anymore. My stomach was yowling. I was sweating. I had to poop so bad. The sun was starting to rise and pretty soon I wasn't going to have as much privacy anymore.

I was sitting on the edge of the bed leaning my head on my knees. I felt like I was going to throw up if I didn't empty myself soon. I looked at the door and sighed tightly, clutching my groaning tummy. My heart was thumping with anxiety at the thought of going somewhere in the woods to do my business alone in the dark, but I wasn't about to ask Eleanor to accompany me.

I fell over onto my side, curling up into a fetal position. I felt stuck. When it started to feel like it was pushing itself out, I jumped up and rushed to the bathroom, grabbed a roll of toilet paper, and rushed outside.

I was holding my butt as I went into the trees, my heart racing and my stomach swollen with fecal matter. It might have been protocol to dig a hole first, but I was confident I didn't have time. I was mumbling oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck as I scrambled to get my pants down, a long, unintentional fart pushing its way out of me.

It came shooting out as soon as I squatted down. I thought I'd never stop shitting. The pain in my belly evaporated as it was replaced with relief. I finished my business and got back to the camper as quickly as possible and I think Eleanor had no idea.
