Kate's uncomfortable hike

Author: Quasar

*000*2025-01-06 21:15

The train swayed, taking the group of friends farther and farther away from the city. Kate, a young girl of about twenty-five with a tight ponytail, sat at the window, looking out at the trees and countryside passing by. A slight tingling in her lower abdomen reminded her that it would be a good idea to go to the bathroom before a long walk.

She stood up and, holding on to the rail, headed for the end of the car. The restroom was unoccupied. It was only once she was inside the cramped cubicle that rocked with the train that Kate realized her mistake. She was wearing a dark green jumpsuit that zipped from the back to the waist, so she had to take it all off to get undressed. In a shaky stall with barely room to turn around, that just seemed impossible.

“Okay, I'll hold it, I don’t need it that much,” she decided as she returned to her seat. Naomi enthusiastically showed her pictures of the last hike, and Kate was distracted from her unpleasant thoughts.

A few hours later, they were already walking along the forest path. The morning coffee and tea, drunk on the train, began to remind of themselves more and more insistently. Kate regretted for the hundredth time that she'd worn that fancy jumpsuit. Yes, it had looked great in the photos from the morning at the station, but now, after two hours of walking through the forest trails, she was willing to give anything for ordinary pants.

The group was moving briskly. David and Max were leading the way with the map, and behind them Naomi and Tom were talking about a TV show. Kate was trailing behind, trying to keep her breathing steady and not give away her condition. Each step was getting harder and harder, and her bladder felt like it was about to explode.

The path began to climb more steeply uphill. Each step was a sharp pain in her lower abdomen. Kate couldn't walk straight anymore-she hunched over slightly, trying to relieve the pressure. Her eyes began to darken from the exertion.

“Kate, what are you weaving in there?” - Max turned around, slowing his step. “Let me help you with your backpack.”

“No, thanks,” she almost whispered. Any touch now could have been fatal. Sweat rolled down her back, the jumpsuit clinging nastily to her body.

Another steep climb made her bite her lip painfully. Kate felt a shiver run up her legs and her stomach muscles cramp from the constant tension. She couldn't think about anything else but how badly, unbearably, painfully she wanted to go to the bathroom.

Naomi and Tom were in the front, chatting merrily about something. David was showing Max something on a map. And she was, uh. she was in her own hell, where every second stretched into an eternity. Kate had never felt such despair in her life. Even breathing had to be done carefully, in small gulps-any sudden movement threatened to make her lose control.

“Look at the view!” - Tom's delighted exclamation brought everyone to a stop on the small platform.

Kate froze, afraid to move. Standing still was worse than walking. Sweat rolled down her temples, her ears were noisy, and she could barely stand without bending or jumping in place. She couldn't even look at the opening landscape - any movement of her head threatened disaster.

There was a gap ahead-the same clearing by the creek. Kate barely held back a groan of relief. Now the main thing was to find a more secluded spot, preferably away from the trail. And to pray that the lightning didn't strike on her back.

“Break!” - David announced, and everyone began to drop their backpacks.

Max, who was the reason Kate was wearing the unfortunate jumpsuit in the first place, reached up and took off his backpack, too. She'd spent the entire hike trying to walk so he could see her silhouette in the tight outfit, but there was no need for coquetry right now.

“Ooh, I feel like pissing,” Max stretched out and headed for the trees. “I'll be quick!”

Kate bit her lip, watching how easily and simply he unzipped his fly and started pissing in the trees. The sound alone made Kate's insides clench. A minute later he was back, satisfied and relaxed, taking selfies with the forest as a backdrop.

“Kate, come take a picture together!” - he suggested, smiling the same smile that usually made her knees go weak. Right now, however, her knees were buckling for an entirely different reason.

“Hmm... a bit later,” she squeezed out, trying to stand straight and at ease. “I want to take some landscape photos”

Kate slowly stepped back toward the thick bushes, wishing for only one thing: that the zipper wouldn't fail. Now added to her physical discomfort was the realization that Max might notice her odd behavior.

Once she was far enough away from the others, she allowed herself to shrink back and groan. Fuck! Piss, piss, piss, piss, was all her brain kept telling her. From now on, no more overalls on camping trips. No overalls at all. Not even the prettiest and most fashionable ones.

Kate slowly made her way between the trees, searching for a more private spot. Each step was difficult. Finally, when she saw a thick thicket of ferns, she breathed out a sigh of relief. A few more seconds and finally the long-awaited release! But no sooner had she taken a step in their direction than she heard footsteps behind her and turned around

“Kate, where are you going? Don't go so far away!” - Max's voice made her freeze in place. He quickly caught up to her, smiling. “You'll get lost again. It's the same trees everywhere.”

“I... I just...” - she looked helplessly at the thick ferns ahead. Max's presence, his attentive gaze and friendly smile that usually made butterflies flutter in her stomach, now only caused panic.

“Let's go back inside, they are making tea over there,” he touched her lightly on the elbow.

Holding back a groan of despair, Kate nodded and wove her way back to the clearing. Her bladder was bursting, but there was no choice. She would have to take it from here.

Returning to the others, Kate crouched carefully on the edge of the log, making sure that the edge of the wood was pressing slightly between her legs. Sitting was even worse than standing - the pressure had increased so much that she could barely contain her trembling. Naomi handed her a mug of tea, which she had to politely decline.

“Are you cold?” - Max asked, noticing her clutching her knees and fidgeting.

“No, no, I'm fine,” Kate tried to smile, but only a grimace came out. Every sip of water the others drank, every sound of the nearby creek, brought a new wave of panic to her.

She kept glancing toward the forest, wondering how she could get away and piss. She realized that if she didn't go to pee in the next few minutes, she would pee right here, in front of her friends and, most importantly, Max....

“Who's going swimming with me? - Max suddenly asked.

“It's cold in there,” Naomi said.

“I'm going swimming!” Kate exclaimed and jumped up. She was going to kiss Max, and how could she not realize it? She would calmly undress, took off her damn jumpsuit, and ease herself into the water. “Can you unzip it please?” She asked, pointing to the zipper. She really hoped she sounded at least a little flirty, not desperate.

“Always at your service!” Max exclaimed and immediately jumped up to her. He slowly pulled on the zipper. - Mmm... it's stuck on something,” he muttered, frowning. - Don't worry, I'll take care of it.

Kate shifted nervously from foot to foot. No no no Kate thought she was either going to cry or pee herself, or more likely both. Come on, she thought. She could already literally feel the urine coming up the exit from her. Just a little more and she would start dancing like a baby.

“Max, how's it going in there?” She asked with a strained smile, clenching her fists so as not to give away her panic.

“Almost... You know, he's really cranky,” he replied, clearly not realizing how critical the situation was.

“Max!” her voice trembled. “Please, try!”

He looked at her, slightly embarrassed by her tone, and made more of an effort. The clasp finally gave in, and Kate instantly turned back to him.

“Thank you!” She hurriedly threw off the straps of her jumpsuit and literally rushed to the water to hide in the cool water of the stream.

Max, a little puzzled, looked at her and laughed:

“You're just like the hero in the movie - ready to dive in anything!”

Kate didn't hear him anymore, because as soon as she threw off the jumpsuit, her body took it as a signal for action and a jet spurted out of her. Small at first, but Kate realized it was a matter of seconds. She ran into the icy water and plunged in without noticing the temperature. A stream of urine immediately gushed out of her full force. She could barely keep from moaning with pleasure. It felt so good. The cold water around her became warm from her own urine.

“Oh, it's cold!” Max stretched out, entering the water right behind her, “and there must be some kind of warm current”, he whispered, so only she could hear him, as he came closer and smiled.

Kate blushed. He'd figured it out. She was going to die of embarrassment in front of him tonight.

