Desperate Hold and Spycam

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-09-07 05:50

I have never been to a robotics tournament. The thing I described here is more of a science fair type thing.

David eagerly drilled the last bolt into his latest experiment. He was almost more excited for this than the robotics tournament tomorrow. He thanked god for his skill of constructing machinery, because what he just completed was going to provide him with a bigger prize than anything he would win at the tournament.

A small, black camera, disguised as some kind of freshener or something, attached to the inner porcelain of the only women's toilet in the Robotics Club building. There was also one of the same design stuck to the wall directly behind the toilet as well. He thought about what he was going to see when he took these up, but for now he needed to head home. He glanced out the window, where he sun was beginning to rise up behind the trees. He had to hurry out of there, or his nighttime stealth mode would be put in peril.

He climbed out of the window and ran home, his heart racing for the events of today.

...

David awoke not long after he fell asleep. 'It probably wasn't a good idea to sleep at all,' he thought, now that he struggled to focus his groggy eyes. Just a few hours ago, he was wide awake, but now he felt like absolute shit. It was the robotics tournament though, and he wasn't going to miss that for the world.

At the tournament, the judges give critique on your robot based on the following: Efficiency, practicality, and appeal. David had constructed a robot that toasted and spread butter on a piece of bread for you automatically. It was one of his less complex works, but as the winner of three consecutive tournaments, he believed he had it in the bag.

He got dressed and gathered his things to leave the house, neglecting his morning piss. He decided that he'd release at the tournament in the restroom they had there. Brushing his teeth was awful, with the toilet just feet away from him and the running water teasing his bladder. It wasn't too bad, but it was definitely noticeable. He bent his knees as he locked the door to the house with his robot under one arm, bouncing a little.

By the time he arrived at the tournament, his need had moderately worsened. He stood at the back of a long line of people. He felt a bit of worry when he saw this, knowing his wait would be long, but he knew he'd be fine. He was rather skilled in holding his urine. He would often retain it for a full school day, even with a bladder full of water he chugged before school.

Almost an hour passed before he got to the front of the line. He really needed to pee now, but it was under control. A small dance or a squeeze would keep his need at bay. He approached the counter with the best composure he could muster.

"Identification?" the lady at the desk asked. David felt at his chest, then his heart dropped. He forgot his ID card at his house. He glanced at his watch. There was still an hour left until it started, so he probably had time to run home and retrieve it. Without wasting any more time, he took off sprinting back to his house. It jostled his bladder pretty badly, but he didn't care too much at this point. He couldn't miss this tournament.

He got home covered in sweat. He danced in place as he jammed his key into the lock and pushed open the door. He snatched the ID off his bed table. He contemplated release when he caught a glance of the toilet, but he decided he couldn't afford to waste any more time. Plus, he could definitely hold on for a lot longer. He even tightened his belt more around his waist. He grimaced as it dug into his pee-filled belly. He needed to cross his legs and squirm when he locked the door this time. He ran back to the tournament, where the line was much shorter. He did a continuous dance-step as he waited, sometimes squeezing his crotch, but trying his damnedest to keep it discreet.

He finally reached the desk, where he hurriedly showed his ID and entered the building. Knowing the layout by heart, he went inside and rushed through crowds of people to the very back, where he dropped off his contraption and ran to the bathroom. He stopped short when the knob wouldn't turn, displaying a red bar that read "Occupied."

David's bladder throbbed and pulsed against his belt. He was trying his best to hide his need, but it wasn't working very well. He spotted a rather cute girl leave the lavatory on the other side of the building, and he was reminded of his contraption that was currently at work, transmitting a live feed to his computer at home. He couldn't wait to review the footage once he got home.

He spotted another girl. A gorgeous one, one of David's best friends. His heart beat faster as she noticed him and approached. He stood as normal as he could, ignoring the large amount of liquid that resided in his abdomen.

"Hey, David," she said, smiling.

"Hi, Erica."

"I'm gonna beat you this time," she joked.

David laughed, but bent his knees when his bladder contracted. He nearly held himself, but he stopped himself before he could do such an embarrassing thing. She no doubt noticed it, though, and his face went beet red. Erica laughed.

"It's fine, I need to pee really bad too," she said, swaying her legs. He wasn't sure if it was from awkwardness or her need to pee, but he was excited now.

"Why don't you use the bathroom? It's open I think,"

"I hate the bathroom here. It's so filthy. I'll only use it if I absolutely have to." David felt immensely disappointed. An announcement came over the intercom, saying it was time for the contestants in the Robotics Tournament to go backstage and present to the judges.

"I'll see you," Erica told him, leaving. David was worried now. He wasn't sure if he could wait through the robotics tournament for a toilet. He needed to pee now or soon. He put his ear to the bathroom door and heard nothing. Hesitantly, he left to go to the tournament.

...

David sat down next to Erica in the waiting room. It jostled his bladder, and his belt dug even further into his abdomen, making him grimace. He loosened it so it didn't even touch his belly.

"Did you not pee or something?" Erica asked, half laughing, half concerned.

"No, someone's still in there and I still really have to go."

"Me too," Erica muttered, visibly uncomfortable. They both knew how long the wait was for these tournaments. Forty-five minutes later, David was desperate and on the brink of pain. He sat with his legs locked together, sitting as still as possible. Erica sat in a similar fashion with one hand over her bladder.

The loudspeaker above them called David's name. It was time for him to present. He shakily stood up and hobbled over to the room with the judges.

"Good luck," Erica mouthed to him as he entered. He walked up to a table with his robot already sitting on it, four judges standing near it expectantly. He had prepared and memorized a presentation for them, but with his bladder so overfilled with pee, he couldn't remember it very well.

"T-this is m-my project..." he said, legs shaking, "my name is D-David..."

"Hello David, please tell us what your project does," one of the judges said. He presented it rather well for someone in his state. He kept his hands at his sides, holding in the liquid with only his legs and sheer willpower. His bladder ached terribly, his need to urinate increasing by the minute. After he was finished, he hobbled out of the room towards the toilets. They were so far from where he was, and he couldn't go faster than a slow shuffle. He seized the opportunity to grab himself. His poor bladder was so full that it pained him to walk so far, and he gripped his manhood so hard it started to hurt. Why didn't he go when he had the chance? Why didn't he just release the pent up urine inside of him when he woke up, instead of retaining it for so long? It was a night and a day of pee that stayed past it's welcome inside of his body. He needed to go so badly...

He was about fifteen feet from the unoccupied bathrooms when someone went into them. A tall boy with orange hair, who clearly didn't need to go as badly as David did. He shuffled to the door, where he heard the boy achieve sweet release. The sound of the urine being expelled from his body and going into the toilet was almost too much. David's bladder was so full it felt like it was going to rupture. It pulsed and spazmed inside of him, begging to be emptied. The copious amount of liquid it was being forced to retain needed to be spilled NOW.

The orange-haired boy exited the bathroom, paying no attention to David, who hobbled into the bathroom as quick as he could. With shaky hands, he locked the door behind him and fumbled with his belt and zipper. He was shaking so badly with the need to pee. His bladder was stretched far past it's limit, and filled past it's capacity. He pulled his dick out of his pants and finally, after much too long, he found relief. Pee exploded out of him at full force, splashing into the water. It was almost an orgasmic feeling to finally release all that pent up urine that had been giving him pain for so long.

He let out a long sigh of relief as his stream came to an end. At last he had taken the leak he so badly needed.

...

David stuck around for another two hours while people finished presenting their contraptions. He was just thankful he wasn't one of the last people to go, like Erica, who was no doubt in a similar predicament as David a couple hours before. At the end, they announced the winner. Surprisingly, it wasn't David, despite his numerous and consecutive awards. It was a girl he'd never heard of before. He kept an eye out for Erica, but he never saw her. He just decided to head home. He eagerly awaited the footage he captured.

On the way home, David felt a slight urge to piss again. Just because he could, he trailed off the road and into a bush and relieved himself there, having no interest in holding his urine for a while. When he got home, he immediately opened his computer and connected to the two cameras, one behind the toilet seeing the entire stall and one in the toilet seeing only genitals. He booted the player up, and it displayed two screens on either side of each other. Both cameras simultaneously.

He fast forwarded until he saw a girl he'd never met, but saw around the tournament place. A short, kind of plump girl with black hair and tan skin. She sat down and had around a three-second piss. Her pussy had some black hair around it.

The second was a tall girl with red hair and freckles. She was in a rush to find relief, fumbling with the button on her jeans. As soon as she skinned her pants down to her knees and sat down, she began a long, hard urine stream. A very small amount of blond pubic hair could be detected.

An African-American girl sprinted into the stall, obviously very flustered. She was squirming and jumping, her face contorting into various pained expressions. She couldn't seem to get her pants off. She managed to pull her tight jeans off without unbuttoning them down far enough so they wouldn't be stained, then she sat down and had a long piss and a shit. She had a lot of pubic hair, and she quivered when she started her pee stream. Her ass was bigger than the other girls by far, but she clearly had visitors.

Many girls showed up on the camera, having very unimpressive pees, occasionally having a rather long one. Then, near the end of the tape, David saw the diamond in the rough.

Erica sprinted into the bathroom, fumbling with the lock and then fumbling with her pants, stopping every few seconds to hold herself with both hands. Her bladder was clearly bursting, and she needed relief as bad as David did before. She leaked, then again, then again, until there was a very noticeable stain on the butt of her pants. She managed to take them off, exposing her cute butt and her tight pussy, then had the longest piss in the video. It shot out of her like a firehose, out of her quivering pussy and pattering in the bowl. She moaned in relief, breathing heavily throughout the time.

David was taken aback by this unexpected surprise. His dick was rock-hard. He needed to see more.

He planned on making ten more of those cameras, and plant them wherever he could. He wanted to have a library of omorashi videos, and he would soon enough.

