I can’t use the bathroom at work!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-06-21 18:08

Introduction

I swayed from side to side as I rang the last customer up, trying my best to hide my desperation. “Thanks, come again,” I gave him a smile and leaned my weight against the counter, crossing my legs tightly. As soon as he was out the door, I rushed over and flipped the open sign to close. There weren’t a lot of things I liked about working at my parent’s store, but there were two things I sincerely despised: the undetermined hours (I have to stay there as long as there are customers), and the lack of a useable toilet.

I squished my thighs together as I pulled the mop out of the bucket. “Mom, can you please close up for me?” I asked her as she got her things ready to leave. “Please, I have to pee so bad!”

“First of all, Amber, there’s a perfectly fine porta-potty behind the building. I don’t understand the problem you have with it.”

I groaned.

“Second, we can’t go switching our days all the time. It screws up the books or something. Let your father know when you want to leave early and he’ll get it done. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

I was left pee-dancing as I mopped the floor, squeezing between my legs every few seconds. Desperate to leave, I did everything half-assed like most every day I worked there, and squirmed the whole drive home. I was busting so bad by the time I got to my apartment complex that I was sweating. I ran up the stairs, jerked my hips around and squeezed my crotch as I stuffed the key in the lock, then dropped my things on the floor next to my open front door as I ran to the toilet. I started pissing while I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, releasing a torrent before my ass even made contact with the seat.

“Ooh…!” I moaned, my swollen bladder deflating as I released hours of pent up liquid. As I urinated, I touched the soggy crotch of my underwear and surveyed the damage. It wasn’t terrible. A little bit had trickled down my thigh. I’d leaked more in laughing fits.

*001*2022-06-24 03:06

The First One

The next day, I was working by myself from noon to close. I intentionally avoided too many liquids on days that I worked, except for the monster that gets me through the day.

I took one last pee before I left. I stood in the mirror and put my curly orange hair up in a messy bun, then headed over there. My first inkling of an urge to urinate came at about 5:00. It was dull, barely noticeable. I cracked open my energy drink and finished it by 6:30. Some more time passed and I got bored. I decided to have a snack, and I got a slushie to go with it. My better instincts told me I shouldn’t, but I thought it’d be better than being thirsty all night.

An hour and a half went by and it had more than caught up with me. My bladder had filled to a pretty uncomfortable degree. It being pretty slow, I was sat on a bucket by the door, jiggling my crossed legs.

The door opened, jingling a bell above it. I got up and stood at the counter, dancing subtly.

“That it for you?” I asked, as a couple of guys dropped some snacks on the counter.

“Marlboro Reds, too, please,” one of them said. As I walked over to get it, a wave of urgency hit me and I stuck my butt out a bit, pressing my thighs together. Since I was facing away from them, I winced quietly, then tried to look as casual as I could going back over to them.

I sighed as they left, putting a hand between my legs to press on my crotch and play with my waistband.

Time dragged on and on. I wandered aimlessly around the store, trying to distract myself. If I had to, I would’ve put myself at an 8/10, a 10 being my absolute maximum capacity. By the time 9:00 came around, I was dying. My stomach poked out like I’d swallowed a melon. “Ughh…” I groaned as I crossed my legs and bent over a little, rubbing my belly. I was really uncomfortable. I needed to pee in a toilet so badly. It was beginning to become impossible not to show any signs of how badly I needed to pee when customers came in. Most people just seemed a little annoyed when I was short and distant, if they seemed anything at all.

When I was ringing this lady up and it felt like it was suddenly going to squirt out, I lurched forward for a second before forcing myself upright, pressing my thighs together and squirming around. She looked at me like I was crazy. I told her her total and bit my lip as she slowly counted out the change. I leaned against the counter and forced my legs apart, holding my breath and trying to seem like I wasn’t holding in enough pee to fill a swimming pool. When she left, I started marching around, retreating to the back where I could writhe and squirm openly.

A wave came and I started hopping around, squeezing my pussy. That’s when another customer came in. I groaned inwardly and went out there, stepping around behind the counter as casually as I could.

“Do you need to go to the bathroom?” they asked me as I rang them up.

“I’m just bored,” I laughed, my cheeks turning red.

It got to a point where it was less of coming in waves and more of a constant, unwavering sensation of pressure and discomfort. I decided I couldn’t sit down anymore. I got up and paced (or more accurately, hobbled) with my hands cradling my swollen bladder, sometimes taking a second to stand there squirming.

I went to the front and leaned against the counter. I was writhing my hips around with my legs crossed and my tensed thighs squished tightly together, taking deep, careful breaths so as to not increase the pressure on my bulging urinary organ. It was already being constricted by the waistband of my jeans. I couldn’t believe how badly I needed to urinate. I couldn’t stand it.

A really small amount of urine leaked out. “Nnngh-!” I whined, squeezing my pussy as the urge to urinate hit an all-time high intensity. “Hnn…!” I squeezed my vagina and frantically squirmed on the spot. I didn’t notice how badly I was sweating until I wiped my forehead. I glanced at the clock. There were only twenty more minutes until 10:00, closing time when I was lucky. I decided closing early wouldn’t annoy my parents too badly. Plus, I was about to explode.

I started walking gingerly over to the door, bent at the hips to avoid squishing my severely distended bladder. Every step was a pang of discomfort. When I was almost there, a group of inebriated, obnoxious college kids came in, talking and laughing, in no kind of rush to get their things and leave. I felt like crying. I acted like I was fixing something on the shelf, then shuffled my way to the back where no one could see me double over and hold myself.

“Fffffuck…” I was frozen until it almost came spurting out. I gasped and jerked my ass out, grabbing madly at my crotch. I whimpered and I stuck my hands down the front of my pants, squeezing my vagina and rubbing my thighs together like a cricket.

I peed a little directly into my hands, this time enough to wet the crotch of my underwear and make it warm. “Mmmph!” I whined, gripping myself for dear life, frantically trying to keep all the liquid inside of me contained. My urethra was full of urine, barely held in by my fingers digging into me. I was beginning to seriously consider that porta-potty, but right as the thought popped into my head, I heard someone at the counter.

I took a deep breath and steeled myself. When I took my hands out of my underwear, my body released that last bit of urine and wet my underwear even more. I could feel it spreading to my butt. I was too nervous to check the damage. Bent over, I wiped my hands off on a roll of paper towels and stiffly went up to the front.

I usually do, but I didn’t say anything to the customer as I rang their things up. I was in pain. The walls of my bladder were being stretched way past my limit. I decided as soon as I was done taking care of this customer, I’d give the porta-potty a chance.

“Are you alright?” he asked me. His friends were all around him.

My cheeks felt hot. “Y-yeah!” I lied, unable to keep my legs from dancing around below me. I was trembling from head to toe. I couldn’t untense my urethra, thighs, or my ass. My bladder was about to explode.

“I can wait if you want to run to the bathroom,” he said, making a couple of his friends chuckle. I wanted to die. There were five of them in total, most of which seemed to have things to buy.

I finished the first one, but the second guy had even more to buy. I was so uncomfortable and frustrated that I could feel tears coming. I wiped them off before they left my eyes.

As I counted out the second person’s change, a bit of urine trickled out of my straining, burning urethra for a couple of seconds. I couldn’t choke back the whimper I made as I lurched forward, almost dropping the money and holding myself. It took everything I had not to squeeze my crotch right there. I couldn’t remember a time when I needed to piss so badly. I was absolutely dying.

“Hey, we can put all our stuff on one card to make it go quicker,” one person said, putting their things on the counter.

“Yo, I can’t afford that!”

“I’ll pay you back,” they muttered. I was so embarrassed I couldn’t even say anything. I was holding my breath, trying to get them out of there as fast as I could before I sprinted behind the building. Hell, at this point, I would piss behind a bush.

“T-thirty one- s-seventy…” I stuttered. As they stuck the card in the chip reader, urine started to trickle out of me. I locked my legs together and jolted my hips around, trying to hold myself together while I stemmed the stream, but it wasn’t stopping. As the liquid started to spread down my thighs, I stuck my hands between my thighs and squeezed my vagina, writhing on the spot. It wasn’t enough. It grew to a hiss, rapidly darkening the crotch of my tight, pale blue jeans, streaking dark and obviously down my inner legs. “Nnnooo—!” I whined, twisting up like a pretzel as it dripped from my pants, pooling at my feet. They were all watching me, shocked.

“Brooo…” one of them said, grabbing their things and leaving.

“Please don’t tell the name of the store to anyone you tell about this…” I said quietly, urine pattering to the floor. “There aren’t a lot of people who work here.”

Most of them laughed uncomfortably. One of them said “I wasn’t going to tell anybody.”

I was left standing there, bright red in the face, emptying my overfull bladder into my pants. Even though I wasn’t able to fully drain myself into my pants, there was so much liquid. It spread from the huge puddle beneath me into the back room.

I walked stiffly in my squelching shoes over to the door, which I locked and flipped the OPEN sign on. I mopped up my pee and skipped the nightly routine, taking a bunch of paper towels from the bathroom to sit on while I drove home. I held myself almost the whole way, my tired urethra not happy with holding in my bladder any longer.

It was a cold, wet walk to my apartment. I closed the door behind me and went straight to the bathroom, where I ran the shower and stripped naked. I stood there holding my crotch and dancing, determined to save water like I usually was when I took a shower. As soon as the water was finally warm enough, I got in and opened the floodgates, finally completely emptying my tortured bladder. I sighed, leaning my head against the wall. I wanted to forget that day.

