Female Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-05-26 23:37

The first part of this story is poop, then it moves into pee desperation. If you aren't into that, please skip to the second part marked 'PART TWO PEE'.

Honestly, I wasn't too happy with how this story turned out. I'm enjoyed writing it, but I feel like there was too much trivial information that I talked about and not enough about pee. I think it's OK. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy!

PART ONE (POOP)

Cassidy sat in her seat, fidgeting and sweating. She drummed her fingers on the desk and moved the auburn hair out from her eyes. Her three requests to go to the restroom had been denied. She was sure if her teacher knew the severity of the situation, he'd let her go in no time, but it's the schools damn new bathroom rule that prevents him from letting anyone leave the classroom. No one is allowed to roam the halls while testing is going on.

"We've only got like fifteen more minutes," her friend told her, "then you can go pee."

Cassidy said yeah, but pee wasn't the only problem that was ailing her right now. Her belly groaned and her butthole flexed, holding in a fart she knew would be loud. It hurt. She held in so many of these already she felt she would burst.

She wiggled her butt on her chair, but it didn't help. Her sister, who is much more outgoing and open than her, would refer to Cassidy's current state as "prairie doggin'". She smiled to herself.

'Five more minutes,' she thought, 'I can make it.' Her belly groaned again, and the pressure increased inside her. She held in another fart, and her stomach groaned even louder. She recieved a quick but noticable look from her friend, who by now probably knew what she needed to do, and her face went beet red.

The bell above her head rang. She rushed out the door, down the hallway and into the bathroom. She loosened her belt (which was relievig in itself) skinned her jeans and panties off, and sat down on the toilet. As she did this, though, she heard three girls go into the bathroom. They put their things down on the sink and began speaking. Sounds of hairspray and other things emerged.

'Fuck,' Cassidy thought. She always held it in whenever she heard other people in the bathroom to hide her embarrassment, and couldn't even bring herself to relief at a moment like this.

They were talking, and the longer they did the more it tortured the poor girl. She had her hands on either side of her butt, pushing hard on the toilet and lifting her butt for wiggle room. Her butthole flexed hard. Her belly groaned again, and the pressure increased tenfold. Her pale skin grew clammy, and she shut her eyes, leaving a few tears to trail down her face. She wanted- she NEEDED- to let this go NOW.

It sounded like the girls were packing up their things. Cassidy was sweating and tearing and shaking and her stomach was constantly complaining.

The girls finally left. Cassidy let go of the toilet, plopped her butt down and the seat, and let go. Enormous amounts of pent up waste erupted out of her poor behind. All the farts that she was forced to retain were let out at once. She sighed, leaned back on the toilet, and enjoyed her final relief.

PART TWO (PEE)

It was the morning before school. Cassidy stared blankly at the coffeemaker in her kitchen and thought back to the close call she had the day before. No way was she going to drink a laxitive after THAT. She skipped it and ate toast with no drink.

On the bus, she regretted this decision. Her throat dried and her body begged for something to drink. She was completely parched.

Cassidy tapped her friend Dominic on the shoulder. "Please tell me you have something I can drink right now, I'll make it up to you."

"I got this, but its huge." Dominic pulled a large canister of iced tea out of his bag. "It's too sugary, I don't like it, but you have to finish it before we get to the school, remember?"

"Why do I have to finish it now?" Asked Cassidy, hastily tearing open the top.

"Well, it isn't resealable, and they don't let you have open drinks in the hallway.

She rolled her eyes. "All they do is make stupid rules like that now," she said, eagerly gulping down the drink. It was half empty when she stopped. She was no longer thirsty, but they were coming upon the school. The girl swallowed her weakness and drank the rest of it.

She threw the empty can into her bag. She clutched her belly. "Jeez, I feel like I'm gonna throw up."

"Aim that way," joked Dominic. He didn't recieve a laugh, though. The contents of the can were too much for Cassidy to comfortably hold back, especially all at once. She forced herself up and walked to the front of the bus waiting for the doors to open.

...

In first period, she had digested enough of the liquid to sit comfortably in her chair and socialize with her friends there. Her best friend, Jasmine, had light blong hair and pale skin, even paler than Cassidy. Jasmine's personality was so close to Cassidy's that it was even eerie.

Today, testing was still going on. That meant another extra long first period for them, NO leaving the classroom. "Can't wait for nothing to happen again," said Jasmine, "like fucking always."

"Haha, yeah. I almost wish there was an assignment or something to do instead of just sitting here."

Jasmine looked at her funny. "I said ALMOST."

This pleasent banter was what made school bearable for Cassidy. She could be quoted as saying "hell, what am I in school for when I'm probably just gonna be a stripper anyway." Cassidy wasn't a whore, but she wasn't particularly aware of herself sometimes. If she was, her anxious nature would collapse and she'd die on the spot. Like now, where she sat forward in her chair exposing just a bit of asscrack for the perverts in the back to enjoy. Jasmine is equally oblivious.

Forty-five minutes passed. Cassidy had just awoken from a deep sleep. She dreamt she was in the school, but there were no doors. She was trying to find a bathroom, but it was completely walled up around her. The halls were infinite. She needed to pee bad. Where WAS everything???

She awoke to find part of her dream was true. She felt a dull ache in her abdomen where her bladder was complaining.

'Oh god, that tea!' she thought to herself. She didn't want to drink coffee to avoid the same situation as yesterday, but her predicament today is just as bad. Maybe. Was messing yourself worse than wetting yourself?

She supposed so. Either way, her bladder was rather full and needed emptying. She drank far too much in too short a time.

Jasmine awoke from her sleep. With groggy eyes she looked at Cassidy. "What's the problem?" she tiredly asked, "you look worried."

"I need to go to the bathroom," Cassidy checked the time. Over three hours left.

"Just go back to sleep. You'll wake up at the end of class, you can just go then." Jasmine layed her head back down.

The girl thought this advice was sound. She was known for being able to sleep through long periods, anyway. She leaned forward and out her head down. Although her bladder protested against this position (with her jeans digging into her belly) she closed her eyes and fell back to sleep.

An hour passed this time. It was her bladder that woke her up. In the time she rested, it only filled past the point of "uncomfortable" and was now beginning to get difficult to contain. Cassidy fanned her legs and looked around for Jasmine. Her and a few other people were rolling a ball to each other on the ground. They were catching it with their hands between their outstretched legs.

There was no way she could sleep now. That position made her jeans push on her bladder. She rubbed the slight bulge and felt the indent of where her pants had left their damage. A small wave of desperation hit and she leaned forward in her chair. She put her hand between her legs, but didn't hold herself.

Her leg bounced before she stood up and joined the group. She sat criss cross with one hand in her lap.

"You have to sit like this," Jasmine told her, motioning towards her outstretched legs.

"I'm fine like this," she replied.

"No, it's part of the game. You have to sit like this." another girl said.

Cassidy bounced her knees. A wave hit, but she hid her desperation. She really needed to pee, but the only person she would let know that would be Jasmine.

She hesitantly spread her legs like the others. As if on cue, her bladder contracted. Her shy self held it in using only willpower (and the rapid movements of her feet). Her legs din't move, and her hands stayed supporting her body behind her.

The game went like this: One person chose something you weren't allowed to do, like use your right hand or laugh or something. They could also say you had to close one eye or similar things to make the game more difficult. It was like a pee gauntlet for Cassidy.

"You have to keep one leg up off the ground" one girl commanded.

Cassidy wasn't very strong. Neither was Jasmine, but she didn't have a belly full of pee. Almost all the other peple playing this were athletes.

Her leg shook as she held it up, partially out of lack of strength, but mostly because she was struggling to hold in the torrent within her.

"Now you have to keep both legs up."

Cassidy let out a small spurt. Very small, but noticeable by her. Her legs dropped and she jammed her hand in her crotch for only a second, then resumed. She was moving her butt back and forth on the ground a little, any bit of discreet effort to hold back the dam would help. Her pussy quivered as she contracted and began to leak. Finally, the round ended.

"Now you have to lay down as we pass the ball."

Cassidy layed down. She brought her fingers to her bladder as her too-short shirt was lifted. It was hard, and bulging just a little. Her leg jerked up a couple times as another wave of desperation hit. She involuntarily rubbed her crotch for a second.

Out of nowhere, the ball came at her and fell on her stomach. She lurched forward as a hard stream of piss shot out into her lace underwear. She was moving her legs wildy and keeping her hand near, but not on, her crotch.

The girl who threw it laughed. "You good?"

"Yeah," she answered, embarrassed, and layed back down and threw the ball. She needed to pee even worse than before. It was bad.

After a long time, the group disbanded and the game stopped. Cassidy was desperate for a toilet. She was often forced to put her hand to her crotch, cross her legs, or shake her butt to help keep the ocean of urine inside. She sat down in her chair with her legs crossed, and Jasmine sat down beside her. "You can hold it for another hour and a half, right?" she asked.

If she knew, everyone knew, thought Cassidy. How embarrassing.

"Sure," she said uncertainly. She fidgeted with her hand between her legs.

A huge wave of desperation hit, and she brought her knees up to her chest fast. Her hands were pushing hard on her crotch. She was leaking a bit, making the small golf-ball sized spot on her jeans just a little bigger. There were small tears forrming in her eyes, her bladder was hard and bulgeing out of her abdomen, and her hands were grabbing hard in between her legs. She checked the time. An hour and 28 minutes until they left.

She weighed her options: Wait in that position until she ultimately wet herself or risk qetting herself by standing up adn asking if she could go. If the answer was no, she was going anyway.

She decided to take the chance of walking up to the front of the room.

Hesitantly, she stood up. The poor girl almost lost control right there, buckling under the immense pressure she was under. She walked, both hands in her crotch, to the front. She bent over the desk of her teacher with one hand still holding back the ocean of pee inside her.

"Can I please go to the restroom?" she asked quietly. She could feel all eyes on her.

"I can't let you go."

One of her legs bent under her. She was squirming badly on the spot, shaking her butt and rubbing with her hand. "Please," she said, even quiter, "I'm not going to make it..."

The man quickly examined her desperate position, then said "Go. Go now, quick."

She took off out the door and ran down the hallway. Every couple of steps, a little bit of the torrent inside her escaped. Her underwear was getting wetter and wetter.

She felt the dampness with her hand as she sprinted into the bathroom, opened the stall, and fumbled with her jeans.

Those damn jeans that wouldn't unbutton for anything. She was practically jumping, her legs going all sorts of directions, leaking more and more.

Her jeans finally allowed her to escape in the nick of time. She began to go in her pants as she pulled them down and sat down on the toilet. At last she achieved relief, and it was almost orgasmic. Her underwear was soaked, but she leaned back and enjoyed almost 2 minutes of urination.

*002*2017-05-27 14:25

{{12 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Very good =)

}}

Thank you!

