Jeanie`s Bursting Bladder

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-05-02 02:01

Jeanie didn't have many friends. She wasn't a very popular person in her all-girls school. Her parents didn't understand why. After all, she was a very cute girl. Blue eyes, white teeth, nice smile... But Jeanie knew she wasn't like the other girls. Her hair was blue and pink, her fingernails were painted black, her music was punk and her attitude was negative, especially in school. The thing she hated the most in school was Ms. Jennis's class. Ms. Jennis was a cruel, strict teacher who always yelled at her if her earbuds were in or if she dozed off in class.

She also had a strict rule about leaving her classroom. Jeanie was often forced to discreetly fidget around in her chair if her mean teacher would not permit her to use the lavatory. She's had a lot of close calls in that class, but she found herself walking miserably into it now like every day, and plopped herself down in her chair. The bell rang over her head and she groaned. "Only an hour and a half left to go," she said to herself.

A voice 'hello'd' her from behind. It was her best (and one of her only) friend Dallas. Jeanie made an honest half-smile and greeted her back, then made a small grimace. Memories of downing an entire monster can back at her house accompanied with a throb in her bladder came to her.

"Are you alright?" asked Dallas.

"Yeah, I'm fine, I just kind of have to pee." Dallas frowned in worry.

"I'll be fine. It's only an hour and a half."

At the front of the class, Ms. Jennis clapped a ruler on her desk. "Quiet! I've got an announcement. Due to testing in the next hall ovee, you're going to be in here for the remainder of the day. This will give you time to finish up your project." This was mer with a unanimous groan from the entire class. Jeanie tensed. Eight hours in Ms. Jennis's class? This was not good at all. She felt another small twinge to pee.

The project Ms. Jennis gave out was huge. Pages of information, layouts, and work needed to be done. Thankfully, there were partners, and Jeanie's partner was Dallas. They exchanged funny jokes and insults about Ms. Jennis and laughed, and for a while Jeanie forgot she needed to pee at all, but about an hour later it came back. Her bladder was a dull throb in her abdomen.

She must have been making a face because Dallas asked is she was okay. "Yeah," she forced a laugh, "I just gotta pee."

"Maybe she'll let you go," said Dallas, but they both knew that wasn't going to happen. Jeanie would just have to go through it.

A while passed and her bladder was still a dull throb, although occasionally she would feel a wave of desperation that would cause her to push her legs together a bit. Her foot was constantly tapping, but this was all happening under the table where no one could see.

A wave that was noticeably stronger than the others hit her, and the dull throbbing in her abdomen got bigger. She lifted her leg for just a moment. She wanted to cross her legs, but it would be too obvious. She wasn't too keen on letting the whole class know she had to go to the bathroom.

An hour passed. Jeanie and Dallas were still working on the project.

"I told her what to do with him, and she didn't do it, and now look. They're both-- Jeanie are you alright? You don't seem to be listening."

"No, I'm fine." Dallas took notice of Jeanie's legs crossed, and her foot constantly tapping. It was true, her need to pee was increasing by the moment. What felt like a gallon of liquid was sitting dormant in her bladder justwaiting to be released. Dallas stayed silent, but it had only been three hours and Jeanie's condition was only going to get worse.

Later on, they had to return to their seats so Ms. Jennis could talk. Jeanie had both hands on either side of her seat, leaning forward and crosssing her legs. Her bladder yearned to be emptied. Her teacher rambled on, but Jeanie's mind was in a different place. Four hours worth of liquid being held does that. She noticed a few other people had to pee, too, but she could care less. A wave of desperation hit and Jeanie's hand automatically went to her crotch. A drip of pee escaped into her panties. She knew Dallas was doing her "Im concerned for you," look behind her, and she smiled a little bit. She noticed then this was making her kind of horny. Still, though, she would give a lot to go pee right now.

By the time another hour passed, it was an all-out emergency. She managed to non-chalantly put her bag on her lap so she can hold herself in peace. Under her fingers, she felt a wet spot. Her bladder was so full it felt like it was about to burst. Her chin was resting on the top of her bag so only her eyes were poking out under her pink and blue hair, and tears were beginning to well up. This is it, I'm going to piss myself at school and it's all that dumb bitches fault. Another small spurt of pee escaped inter her panties, one of many others. Her clit twitched under the pressure. She wondered if she could manage to pull off putting her hand in her pants to help hold it in.

After a quick glance around, she slipped her fingers into her pants and pressed on her bare pussy. Her fingers were cold, but it helped keep the dam from bursting. A wave hit and she shifted her butt around in the chair (as discreetly as possible) and rubbed her crotch to hold it in. A few drops escaped, along with something else... She was extremely horny from this. Her legs were rubbing against each other, and her fingers were rubbing her clit to keep from peeing. Someone touched her shoulder, and she took her hand out from inside her panties and black leggings and turned around. It was Dallas.

"You alright?" Jeanie just shrugged. There was a couple more hours left in school, and there was no way she would make it. Her hands went back into her pants.

Twenty minutes passed. Jeanie's bladder was about to explode. Tears were falling from her eyes, her hand pressed hard on her vagina, and her belly stuck out like an overfilled water balloon.

Ms. Jennis recieved a call and excused herself from the class. She left the door ajar. Jeanie eyed it. This is my chance! She got up and bolted out the door, not caring what anyone in the class thought. She sprinted down the hallway for the bathroom, crotch in hand. With every step it was like the enormous pressure on her bladder increased tenfold. The large amount of liquid inside her was going to come out soon. She came upon the toilets, and to her horror saw a sign that read "OUT OF ORDER: WATER DAMAGE" The bathrooms were completely blocked off.

Before she could run to another bathroom, an enormous wave hit her. "No..." she said to herself, and dropped to the ground, left knee on the ground and right knee up. Both hands oushing as hard as they can on her crotch, but it still wasn't enough. She peed hard into her leggings. It hissed out of her and splattered on the ground, soaking her legs and her butt as it did so. Her belly went down as streams of piss escaped her pussy and through her hands, all over the ground around her. Finally, after what felt like ten minutes, it ceased to a small sputter then stopped. Her bladder was finally empty. Jeanie sobbed in a vast puddle of urine, too much to be held by one person. Dallas came up behind her, having ran after her after she was gone for too long. Dallas's hand rested on Jeanie's back comforting her. She was humiliated, and she felt like a child. "It's alright," said Dallas, "it happens to everyone."

"No it doesn't! Not in high school!" Jeanie continued to cry.

"Come on, get up. We're going home." said Dallas. Her and Jeanie walked from the school. As they were walking, Jeanie shook her head. "What?" asked Dallas.

"Ms. Jennis's class sucks."

*003*2017-05-07 23:55

{{On 5/2/2017 at 5:26 AM, wedgeantilles said:

That was a great story, thanks!

}}

Thank you!

