Lesbian Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-06-07 00:54

This is a follow-up to a previous post "Lesbien Desperation and Wetting" (yes, lesbian being misspelled) aka part One. You don't need to read the first one to understand this, it isn't really a chronological story, but it is referenced a few times. There's no wetting in this one.

I actually made this thing where Ari walks in on them and catches them and Mariah wets the bed because Samantha locked herelf in the bathroom to cry, but I didn't really like that ending. Plus, it's a two story house. Why didn't she just use another bathroom? Anyway, that's why the second half of this story might seem a little rushed. I was also not really feeling this one. Sorry if it isn't good.

Mariah put her hand over her belly. She needed to go to the bathroom rather badly. It wasn't like she couldn't, though. She glanced over at the unoccupied toilet that tempted her, and she bounced her leg. She was expecting Samantha to arrive at any minute, this time with no interruptions from Ari.

Mariah's conscience was nowhere to be found in these sort of things. She tempted Samantha to be unfaithful to Ari from the start. Sometimes she would feel a pang of guilt for doing this to her, but what she doesn't know can't hurt her, right?

She found her hand buried in her crotch, and she put it at her side. Obviously when Samantha returned to the house she saw the mess Mariah had made. She told her the truth, but nothing abou the sexual thrill it gave her. That had to stay secret.

She heard a car pull up in her driveway. She got up and peeked out the window at Samantha getting out in a bathing suit that was too small. Already she was aroused.

She was doing a pee dance in place, crossing her legs and marching. Samantha was comfortable enough with her that she just walked in. Mariah gave herself a squeeze before she entered.

"Sorry I'm late. I just came from the beach, I lost track of time."

"You're fine," she answered, pushing her tits together. She crossed her legs nonchalantly and bounced a little. Mariah fidgeted while they kissed. 'Luckily, Samantha is an idiot and won't notice no matter how much I move around' she thought.

"I'll be right back." Mariah made her way downstairs to the kitchen, took out a jug of milk, and chugged a lot of it. Then, she took out juice and downed a lot of that. She felt bloated and nauseas, but she wasn't finished. She didn't have to pee badly enough.

She finished a bottle of yoohoo and a tall glass of water. She was positioned over the sink holding her mouth closed in an attempt to keep it down. Carefully letting out a burp, she went back upstairs to her room where Samantha was waiting.

While they were making out, Mariah was already feeling the effects of the copious amount of liquid she just drank. It hadn't made it's way to urine yet, but her bloated stomach certainly pressed hard on her full bladder.

She pulled Samantha's bikini top loose and let it fall into her lap. She removed the tank top and bra that she had on, then her black jeans. It was relieving to take away the constrictions from her belly, but she still had to do a bit of a pee dance once she was out of them. She kissed Samantha again to distract her. She pulled down her lover's bikini bottom and put her hand on her pussy, and she did the same. Mariah jolted. She really needed to pee right now. "Your hands are cold!" she lied.

Samantha apologized, but didnt stop. They fell into the bed and went under the covers, fucking until midnight came. Then, they lay together in silence.

Mariah had been focusing both on her full bladder and on Samantha's fingers of magic. It seemed as though sex helped ease her desperation and allowed her to keep it under control as the liquids from before gradually moved into her bladder, but now they were laying still together. She was fighting every urge to fidget as much as she could. Her urethra burned for relief. A small amount of urine escaped, but that didn't make her hold herself. From what she experienced before, she felt her limit was whatever she wished it to be. She layed there completely still, even though her need to urinate was dire, and held it in with sheer willpower.

"I could lay here forever," Samantha said.

'I can't,' Mariah wanted to say, but laughed to herself and rested her head on Samantha's chest waiting for the perfect wave to hit.

The ocean of pee inside her formed a hard bulge in her abdomen, pulsating and trying to leak out. She put her hand over it and pushed down. The pressure increased tenfold. Now it was a REAL emergency.

She had to pee so badly. A painful ache was constantly inside her begging to come out. A wave of desperation hit, and she pushed even harder down on her bladder.

She moved herhand back onto Samantha's pussy and sucked on her tit. She wanted to wait even longer, but she couldn't. She was so horny and so desperate for a toilet.

Sex barely helped at all this time. She really needed to go. At one point, Samantha accidentally hit her poor lovers belly, causing her to shake and fidget in extreme desperation. Tears began flowing from her eyes.

"Holy shit, you squirted!" Samantha laughed. Mariah wasn't squirting though, she was losing control.

Why the hell was this happening now? Last time she'd held it for so long, what seemed like almost three liters of urine came out! Why was it so difficult to hold on this time?

She wasnt even focusing on Samantha now. All of her efforts were towards holding in the torrent of piss inside her, begging to be let out.

A wave hit. An extreme, overbearing wave. It caused her to double over. She let a spurt of urine escape, and sprinted to the bathroom door. It was stuck. She danced around helplessly, pushing until it opened, then sat her self on the toilet and let loose. An enormous amount of urine spilled out of her and into the toilet. She leaned back in bliss and enjoyed it.

"Wow," said Samantha, "that's a lot of piss. If you have to go that bad, you really don't have to hold it for me."

Mariah didn't respond. She just sat there and let the last bit of pee leak out.

*001*2017-06-07 01:00

I'm going to write another follow up to this story. I'm not very happy with this.

