The Missing Chamberpot

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-09-20 21:23

Farrah is so desperate she can barely stand still, but the chamber pot is gone! She must find a way to empty her bursting bladder before it's too late.

###

Farrah woke up early in the morning feeling her lover's embrace. The sun was peeking out from the clouds and illuminating the room through the open window, waking her up slowly and gently. She smiled to herself, feeling full in her heart and soul, though something else felt full as well. She was absolutely bursting for a wee. She lied there for a few minutes before making the decision that she couldn't wait. She moved a little out of his arms, but he only held her tighter. She loved that, just not right now. The poor girl hadn't urinated since yesterday morning! The whole day of sneaking around had not permitted her one chance of relief. Their love was private, a secret from the rest of the village. He had a wife on leave, but she'd been gone so long, and Farrah had loved him since the moment she laid eyes on him three years ago.

She couldn't get wrapped up in this now, though. She needed to go. Bad.

She wriggled out from under his arms, careful not to wake him. She was terrified at the thought of him seeing her pee. That would be too humiliating to bear. She crouched down to look under the bed (much to her bladder's dismay) but saw no chamber pot. Just empty space. Her heart dropped. What was she going to do? She had to go so badly that she couldn't stand still, and she had no clothes on to absorb any urine that might escape.

Farrah threw on some of the clothes she had on yesterday; a thin, white dress that would keep her covered enough to go downstairs to the tavern. She didn't bother with shoes or underwear. She left the room, closing the door as quietly as possible (lest he wake up and ask where she's going) while desperately stepping in place. She briskly made her way down the stairs, where the bartender stood talking to someone. She politely yet impatiently waited for him to finish while keeping her pee dance discreet.

"What?" he said, once his conversation had ended.

"There's no chamber pot in my room upstairs," Farrah said, trying not to sound too desperate.

"There's not? Huh. Well, there's no extra one here."

"What do you mean? Don't you have one?"

"I have one. I can't be letting my patrons use my chamber pot. There's a bush outside."

Farrah was starting to lose her composure. She was bobbing up and down when she worriedly asked "isn't there anything you can do to help me right now?"

The bartender handed her a glass mug. "Here," he said, chuckling.

"I can't use that!"

"It's all I've got."

She scoffed and went back upstairs, where she spent the next twenty minutes pacing around her room weighing her options. She had to pee really badly, and she was pretty sure she couldn't wait until she got back to the village. Her pacing had turned into kind of a march. She took two quick, normal steps, then brought one leg up a bit higher than usual. A wave hit, and she bent at the knees, squeezing herself with both hands. She was certain that she couldn't wait until she got back to the village. Damn her tiny bladder.

She went quickly down the stairs and out the door, where a road and some open land was. Some caravans were coming in her direction, so she had to do this quick. She was squeezing herself while she looked around for a good bush. The only two bushes were right there in front of the inn, along with some flowers. Everywhere else was just grass plains, with the exception of some far away trees. She really couldn't wait for this caravan to pass by to go, so she ran to a tree in the distance. Pee was sloshing around inside her bladder as she did this, but relief was so close! In a matter of seconds she would be releasing the pent-up torrent inside of her belly. When she got to the tree, though, she saw some children playing not a hundred feet away.

"I can't go here!" she whispered, stepping in place and holding herself. She ran to the next tree, but it was still in sight. Then the next one, but it was getting dangerously close to the village. She was running out of options. She ran all the way back to the inn to see if the caravan had left yet, all while her bladder screamed at her to stop moving so much. When she got there, her heart dropped. The caravan had stopped at the inn. They must be having a drink.

Farrah was running out of time. She couldn't control herself from doing a frenzied pee dance as she frantically looked around for a place to do her business. She patted herself between the legs and rushed into the inn, trying her best to keep her composure. The bartender was talking to the caravans. She went by them, plucked a mug out of the back of the counter, and went upstairs, where she could hold herself freely without embarrassment. She slowly turned the doorknob while her shaky legs danced madly, her pee becoming difficult to contain with nothing applying pressure on her maidenhood. She opened the door just a crack and peeked in. Her lover was still sleeping. Good.

She went inside as quickly as silently as she could, shut the door, and without wasting any time, squatted over the mug right where she was standing. Pee exploded out of her almost immediately, but she had to stem the flow. That was too loud. Her face was scrunched up and her urethra was on fire as she stared at her partner, making sure he was still asleep. He was. Though she tried to hold it steady, her hand was shaking, making the pee in the mug splash around. Maybe she would be more still once she started urinating. Gingerly, she opened the flood gates. A small amount of pee trickled out and ran down her butt, making her shiver and stem the flow once again.

She stood up and pulled her labia apart, bending only a little at the knees, and tried peeing that way. She gently let go again, and it worked rather well. Relief, although small, washed over her as she watched her yellow river streaming out of her and into the mug. It was beginning to fill, though, and she had to stop again. She dumped it out the window, then started back up just as she did before. She filled up three and a half mugs of pee when she was done. Farrah sighed gleefully, feeling empty and refreshed. She wiped herself and her hands with the front of her white dress before taking it off, placing the mug by her bedside table, and climbing back into bed with her lover.

THE END

