Stuck in a Onesie!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-02-23 02:43

This actually took a while to write because I was working on a few other projects when I started this, but I finally finished it. It was residing in an "Unfinished Story" topic for the longest time. Anyway, here's the story of a girl who gets stuck in a onesie with a very full bladder.

Warning: Some mild male desperation at the beginning & middle, just a bit of a side-story.

Joy's bladder throbbed as she waited for the shower to warm up. She bounced on the balls of her feet at the sound of the pattering water. Despite there being a useable toilet right next to her, she'd rather save the water and just go in the shower. She ran her hand under the water and felt that it was still ice cold. She shivered, not because of the temperature, but because of the urine beginning to push it's way out of her.

She figured she might as well make her waiting time useful. Fidgeting a little bit, Joy stripped naked, starting with her pants to relieve pressure. Once she was in the nude, she felt the water again, which was still cold. "This shower takes too long..." she complained to herself. She walked out of the bathroom to check the time (which she could do, since she was home alone.) Joy was a bit surprised at how late it got. She'd been watching television for a while before turning on the shower and hadn't kept track of it. She was supposed to leave in under thirty minutes to a party at her friend Katie's house. Her and a few other girls were going to sleep over there and, since they decided to be quirky, all wear onesies.

The pressure increased, causing Joy to bend a little at the knees. She gave herself a couple of love taps and made her way back to the shower, which had warmed up considerably in her absence. Relieved, she stepped inside and released the large amount of urine that had been residing inside of her. It leaked out of her in a strong stream, joining the shower water at her feet.

Her boyfriend was taking her to Katie's, and she got out of the shower as soon as he was pulling in the driveway. As she dried herself, she glanced over at the giraffe onesie next to the bra and underwear she'd decided to wear and wondered, since her boyfriend was picking her up as well, if she should just skip the undergarments. He beeped impatiently outside, and she giggled. She donned the onesie over her naked body, neglecting her bra and underwear. She noticed her nipples slightly visible through the fabric, but it didn't matter too much.

When Joy stepped outside, she noted the heat the onesie was going to make her endure. She hoped most of the time would be spent inside. She got in the car, and noticed her boyfriend was still wearing his cute little Wal-Mart uniform. His nametag read 'Eric.'

"Fuck, I need to piss," he said, grabbing his crotch as he backed out of the driveway.

"Why don't you go somewhere?"

"The plumbing at work is broken or some shit, all the bathrooms are off limits."

"You could go at my house," Joy offered, but they had already begun driving.

"I'm just here on lunch break, I don't want to be late." Eric winced and leaned forward a little.

The ride was visibly uncomfortable for him. All the pent up urine inside of him needed to be released, but he pushed through it. Joy thought it'd be funny if she teased him a little bit, sloshing around a huge bottle of soda that was lying on the floor. She chugged a lot of it, but he didn't seem to care, so she just put it back. When they arrived at Katie's house, the one right by the lake, and he hurried Joy out of the car. On her way to the door, she unbuttoned the flap in the back of her onesie and wiggled her butt at Eric, not as an invitation, but more of a tease. He drove away as she covered back up.

She rang the doorbell and was almost immediately greeted by Katie and one other girl, Abby.

"Mackenzie isn't here yet?" Joy inquired, setting her small back of things down on the table.

"No, but she should be here soon," Abby replied. She had a pig onesie, which was intended as a joke at her own weight (which was a little on the heavy side) but no one seemed to notice. Katie had an eeyore one with ears that hung down.

An hour later, the girls saw Mackenzie briskly shuffling down the sidewalk through the sidewalk. She had more baggage than anyone else. She had a brown bear onesie on, which was a drastic contrast to her pale skin. She knocked on the door, crossed her legs and twisted her body like a pretzel as she waited. The door soon opened, and she rushed inside. Katie hugged her, but Mackenzie didn't hug back.

"I have to piss so fucking bad," she said in a shaky voice, letting her bags drop to the ground at her feet. "I've been holding it for like ten fucking hours," and with that, she rushed to the bathroom. Urine pattering in the toilet was audible from outside of the bathroom, but nobody took notice.

A couple of hours later, they found themselves playing a card game in Katie's room. It had been dark for a while. Joy began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder, but it was a very minuscule sensation and she decided to ignore it. The girls were having a conversation about their parents, usually venting about frustrations with them. This went on for a while, until the twinge in Joy's bladder grew to more of an ache. She was about to get up and use the restroom, but Katie had said something that piqued her interest.

"Oh! I have something fun," she said. She went to her closet and fished out an old Nintendo 64 and some games.

"Let's set it up!" Abby said excitedly. This took a while. They were trying to make heads or tails of the many wires from other game consoles, and what they could unplug or not, all the while Joy's need was slowly but steadily increasing. They decided to give up and play the Wii, which was already set up. Mario Kart came on the screen, and they played 4 player grand prix. During one game, Joy's need to urinate returned, but she beared through it until it faded. A couple games later, she felt the need to pass gas. She considered holding it, but they were having a good enough time. She leaned forward and let it out. Prrrrt. They laughed, but the push nearly made something else come out. Joy jiggled up and down as she played, saying "gottapeegottapeegottapee," and making the others laugh even harder. It didn't help her hold it very much, but it soon passed.

About an hour later, they became bored of that game. "I think my brother keeps the other wii games in his room," Katie said. She got up to look. "I'll come with you," Joy said, leaving Abby and Mackenzie by themselves. They went into her brother's room, which stunk of a mixture of incense and some strange unknown fragrance.

"Are you sure your brother doesn't care about us looking around his room?" Joy asked.

"He isn't home, and neither are my parents so nobody's gonna know."

They were poking around the room when Joy's need once again returned. She was about to excuse herself when Katie opened a box under the bed.

"Whoa," she said, smelling the inside.

"What?" Joy asked, her curiosity outweighing her desire for a toilet. Katie picked up a rather large bag of marijuana and showed it to Joy, who said the same thing. Katie laughed.

"Do you want to... you know..." she asked hesitantly.

"Smoke it?" Joy finished. Katie nodded. "I mean... If you want to."

"Sure, yeah, I mean why not." Katie put the bag back in the box and picked it up. Abby and Mackenzie wanted to stay behind at the house, so they played videogames while Joy and Katie went into the backyard to smoke. "Wait, I don't want there to be a smell around my house," Katie said, paranoid.

"Alright. Want to go to the playground?" Joy asked.

"Yeah." The playground was a long walk away, almost a half hour, but they didn't think too much of it at the time. They made their way across the long stretch of field that led up to the swings and sat down. Katie opened the box and packed a bowl. "I've seen my brother do this a bunch of times, but I don't know if I'm gonna do it right."

"Eric smokes, and he got off only a few minutes ago. I could call him," Joy offered.

"Yeah, do that." Joy called her boyfriend, who said he was just about to pass that neighborhood and he'd head over right away. He arrived in only a few minutes.

He hopped out of his car, and seemed pained as he walked across the field. One hand was over his abdomen, like he'd just been punched in the stomach. "I'm gonna get a drink of water real quick," Katie said, and headed over to the pool area.

Eric got to the swings and winced. "Are you alright?" Joy asked. Eric's face was contorted in agony, and one hand quickly moved to his groin when he saw Katie leave.

"Wait... wait one second..." he said. He turned around right there, unzipped his fly, and relieved himself in the field right there. His stream was impressively powerful, and went on for a long time. He let out a sigh. The sight reminded Joy of her own bladder, which had filled up considerably, and with the sight of Eric's relief, was causing her to squeeze herself and squirm in the swing.

Eric zipped up his pants and turned around. "Holy fuck," he muttered, laughing.

"Mmm..." Joy whined, and Eric went over to the swings and kissed her. She did her best to hide her desperation. Her legs were locked together, and her body was tense, but other than that she looked completely normal. The hard aches in her abdomen slowly subsided, and she felt fine again.

When Katie returned, they took the weed out of the box. Eric taught them to pack it into the bowl and how to take a hit. They both coughed vociferously and laughed as they got the hang of it. Though they were told they wouldn't get high their first time, they certainly felt it. Joy got the bowl and was about to take a hit when a sudden wave of desperation washed over her. The urine that was being held inside of her was pleading to be released. She crossed her legs and moaned in discomfort, swaying from side to side.

"What?" Katie asked.

"I need to pee!" she was tapping her feet so fast it was jiggling her whole body. Katie laughed, and so did Eric. "Just go," he told her.

"There's no bathroom here," she took a hit, and right after the bowl was given to someone else, she put her hands into her crotch.

"Just go outside, that's what I do," Katie suggested, giggling.

"I'm wearing a onesie, I'd practically be getting naked out here." She withheld the information that she would literally be stripping naked to pee.

"Hold it then, I guess. Do you want to go back to the house? My brother's gonna be home in a while and I don't want to get home too late." Joy nodded. When they got up, her need to pee intensified for a second, causing her to dance in place, then it gradually subsided, leaving a dull aching pain inside of her. It seemed the soda before had fully caught up to her.

Joy's head was in the sky. She found everything Eric and Katie were saying to be hilarious. It was a little silent for a while, before they passed a discarded spoon on the ground. Katie pointed and randomly exclaimed "spoon!" (something they wouldn't find funny if they were sober), and they busted out laughing. Katie snorted, causing Joy to laugh so hard she fell on her behind. Her dull, aching bladder quickly intensified from this and forced her to shove both her hands into her crotch.

She continued laughing as her need increased, pulsing and yearning for relief. She writhed in desperation, but she couldn't stop laughing. The liquid inside her felt like it was gaining weight by the second. Joy had a momentary loss of control, letting a four-second long stream leak into her onesie. The fabric absorbed very little, making her thighs wet and sticky with urine. She locked her legs together and held on hard until the pressure subsided, and then, still giggling, rose to her feet. She didn't mention this, she only kept walking.

For the rest of the walk home, it felt like there was a bowling ball inside of her. Joy's thighs were wet from the urine that had escaped her urethra, and she hoped it wasn't visible. She couldn't tell in the dark. She picked up the pace when the house came into sight. They were nearly there, just by the lake next to her house, when Katie said "oh shit," causing her to stop. "We forgot the box at the park!" Eric sighed.

"We've got to go back," Katie told them, "or I've got to. You guys can stay here if you want."

"No, I don't want you going all the way over there by yourself. I'll come, I just need to pee first." Joy rushed into the house, her need increasing with every step. She got to the bathroom, where she met a terrible sight. The door was locked.

She knocked on the door. "Someone's in here!" she heard Abby call. Joy groaned and danced in place, both hands buried in her crotch. She direly needed a toilet. The pent-up urine she'd been retaining for too long was begging to be released. She was nearing her limit, and she could feel it. The last time she peed herself was in seventh grade. Almost making it to the toilet, she wet herself right as she was about to go into the stall. The feeling was similar to this.

Abby left the bathroom and Joy sprinted in, slamming and locking the door behind her. She jumped and marched as she tried to get the back flap opened on the onesie, but her movement was too much. She twisted up like a pretzel to try to stay still. She trembled terribly under the enormous weight of her overfilled bladder, but she managed to get it open. Feeling the familiar cool draft on her butt, she rushed to sit down on the toilet. She leaked, but realized that the flap wasn't nearly big enough to pee through. It seemed it was mostly just for show. She pulled the front forward, but it still wasn't enough. She was going to have to undress completely.

This proved to be the most difficult part. Sitting on the toilet, she was ready to explode. She was so close to relief, yet so far. Plus, she needed one of her hands to unzip the back. Her legs trembled as she pulled on the zipper. She squeezed herself with her left hand while she pulled with the right, but something wasn't right. The zipper wasn't budging. She gave it a hard yank, but it still wouldn't come. The zipper was stuck.

She groaned in pain as she felt her bladder contract and dropped down to a squat to help hold it in. Though this was torture for her bladder, it put pressure on her crotch, which was her primary concern. "I need help," she muttered to herself after a few minutes of struggling. Joy stayed still for a moment to brace herself, then rose to her feet and ran to the others at full speed. She was going to ask for someone to help with her zipper, but before she could get a word out, Katie spoke:

"Finally!" she exclaimed, "my brother's going to be home any minute! We've got to hurry."

Joy kept her mouth shut, but she was truly ready to explode. Though the uneasy feeling that she'd leak the contents of her bladder out into her onesie had passed, her rock-hard abdomen was still in pain. Every step was painful as they made their way to the park. Nobody seemed to notice the awful predicament Joy found herself in. Every time they passed a bush or a tree, she imagined herself running over and popping a squat behind it, how good it would feel to just let it go. An ant bit her ankle and she bent forward to scratch it off. This proved to be a mistake. It put pressure on her belly, and she felt the shape of her bladder pressing up against her other organs. Joy let out a spurt of urine without any warning. She scrunched up her face and tensed her whole body, waiting for the pain to cease. When she opened her eyes, Eric and Katie were far ahead. She ran to catch up and felt her pee sloshing around inside of her.

They finally reached the park. Katie ran up, grabbed the box, then ran back.

"You alright?" she heard Eric say. She didn't even notice that she was standing at an odd angle.

"I'm okay," she breathed, "I just really need the bathroom."

"Didn't you just---" his words were cut off by Katie.

"Got it," she said, "let's go." And so they started their journey home.

Joy's bladder was filling by the second. She spurted a few more times during the walk home. She couldn't remember a time where she needed to go this bad. By the time the house was within sight, she was in absolute agony. She was more waddling than actually walking. She paused to lock her legs together and jam her hand in her crotch, looking up at the sky to keep the tears at bay. It just hurt so bad she couldn't stand it. When she looked back down, Eric and Katie were so far ahead that they were turning into the driveway, but Joy found that she couldn't move. "Mind over matter..." she muttered through gritted teeth, but when she tried to pry her legs apart she felt a spurt of pee come out. She begged her body to hold on for just a few more minutes. The house was so close, all she needed was to get there and then she could find relief. It felt like she was going to burst if she held on for another second, though. She wondered if she was doing real damage to her insides right now.

Joy saw her boyfriend say something to Katie, then start towards her. No, this was bad. He couldn't see her like this. She tried to at least stand up straight, but she felt like she was going to explode.

"Hey, you good?" he asked.

"I can't... I have to..." she stuttered, fumbling over her words. She looked down at the ground to conceal the tears that began welling up in her eyes. Her urethra burned with the intense desire to just let go, spill the immense amount of pent-up urine she was keeping inside of her. Her legs were shaking under her, and it felt like no amount of holding and muscle tensing would hold back the flood.

"...Joy?" Eric said.

"I have to pee..." she muttered shakily, "I just need to wait a minute until...omigod... until I can walk again, then I'll use the... the bathroom..."

"Didn't you go before?" She shook her head. Her bladder hurt so bad, begging for the relief Joy was cruelly denying it. It was slowly leaking out pee in a small but steady dripping stream. It dampened the fabric further. Drops were travelling down her legs and under her butt. She squeezed even harder and filled her cheeks with air, forcing the stream to cease and torturing herself even further.

"I gotta run," Eric said uncomfortably, "so I'll, uh... let you get back to your party. I'll see you." Joy ignored him. She was too focused on the bloated organ that was about to burst inside of her. Eric left, leaving her all alone in the night by herself. She gingerly lowered herself to her knees, trying to get more control over herself, spurting a few times on the way down.

"Oww..." she groaned through gritted teeth, on the verge of sobbing. Her lower back was sore, too, accompanying the screaming pain of her bladder. She heard someone call her name. She looked up to see Katie coming towards her.

"Are you alright?" she asked, concerned.

"I just... I have to pee so bad it... it really hurts, I'm... waiting for it to pass, but it just hurts so bad... I can't move..."

Katie didn't seem to know what to do for a moment.

"Come on, let's get your onesie off. You're gonna pee right here."

"It's stuck..." Joy muttered, "it's why... I couldn't pee before..."

"I can get it, trust me." Katie yanked on the zipper. It pulled Joy back, making her lose control for a few seconds. She yanked again, and Joy leaked some more.

"Stop...." she said, pressing hard into her pee hole and feeling the loss of control creeping up on her. Katie either didn't hear or didn't care, because she yanked a third time, this time harder than the other times. Joy heard a faint click and a worried "oh, no!"

She had broken the zipper.

Joy did all she could to hold her pee in, but it began slowly trickling out of her, wetting her thighs. Her whole body was shaking, and her stream was only getting stronger, until she finally broke under the immense pressure. Pee exploded out of her, soaking her legs and her onesie. She was still shaking, then in pain, now in extreme relief. She moaned as her bladder finally emptied, a stream even visible outside of the fabric. It went on for what seemed like forever, until it finally began to falter, growing weaker and weaker until it was just a trickle. She sighed.

"That's so much pee!" Katie said, shocked, startling Joy out of her skin. She completely forgot she was there. She tensed in embarrassment with what she just did.

She stood up and started stuttering, going completely red in the face, trying to say something to ease the humiliation.

"Joy, it's fine," Katie said, smiling. "It happens."

She was sweating and shaking again, first in pain, then in relief, now in nervousness. "Yeah, okay, okay..." She looked around at the sidewalk and saw the huge puddle of urine she had made. It was dripping off of the sides. Joy stepped into the grass in front of the lake and sighed.

"That's a lot," Katie repeated. "Sorry..." she said, holding up the zipper.

"It's fine," Joy put her hand over her belly, feeling a light throbbing. "I still need to pee kind of badly," she laughed. How could there still be so much inside her? "What are we gonna tell the others?" she asked. Katie thought for a moment. Then she walked up to Joy and shoved her into the lake.

Completely taken by surprise, she was utterly confused for a moment. Then she understood.

"Clumsy," Katie giggled. "Come on, let's go back to the house."

Joy stood up in the water. It was about the height of her knees. "Wait, I need to---" it was silent for a minute, then some trickling. She released the rest of her bladder contents, which was a pretty decent amount, then joined Katie on the way back to the house.

End

