K-ON!! HTT: Mugi's Accident

Author: Queen Sophie

*000*2016-08-28 23:33

Hey all! I was recently on holiday for a few weeks, and while I was bored and without WiFi I decided to write a fanfiction of my waifu, Tsumugi Kotobuki (I had nothing to get off to basically).

It's pretty long, and I've never done anything like this, so feel free to comment your opinion and give constructive criticism.

Enjoy!

###

It was all over the news. The president's daughter, Tsumugi Kotobuki, was caught in a horrific car crash where fortunately nobody died, but everyone sustained injuries, except for Tsumugi, who seemingly escaped with little injury.

However, what the news reports didn't say was how Mugi was permanently affected by the accident. The crash had caused fractured bones, which managed to sever a few important nerves around the bladder, meaning she could not tell when she needed to urinate, and therefore could not control her bladder. She was incontinent.

The hospital tried all that they could to restore her control, implants, therapy, physiotherapy, even kegels. She underwent multiple surgical operations to reconnect the nerves, but tragically, nothing could be done. The girl just refused to control her bladder.

The best they did was instruct her to always take frequent bathroom breaks, every hour at least, and preferably half-hourly. This way there was no urine left to leak, so she would never have any accidents.

Eventually, the time came where Mugi had to go back to school. Her mother wrote her a note to show to any teacher who wouldn't let her go to the toilet.

When school finally came around, Mugi woke up early and went to the toilet. While she showered, her mum came into her room and stripped her bed, which was always wet, and brought it downstairs to wash it.

After showering, she got dressed and had breakfast. It was toast this morning, which had strawberry jam on it. Then she went to the toilet again, and left for school.

On the train, she checked her panties. They were fine, not wet at all. She relaxed a bit and smiled. Her silk panties felt so smooth and comfortable when they weren't wet.

She got to school, and before going to class, she went to the toilet. She thought about how everyone was doing without her. She couldn't wait to see them all again. She imagined it as she sat and dribbled pee into the toilet. She would walk into the classroom and Yui would be there, sat next to the middle window on the far left of the class. She would sit in the seat just right of hers, in front of Mio, and stare at Ritsu, who was late to class on the first day and had to sit at the front.

She came out of the toilet and headed up to class. When she got there, it was exactly as she expected. Yui asked if she had recovered well, and Mugi said yes. The two caught up with each other and Mugi heard all about what she missed.

The usual morning instructions were lead by Mikasa, who had apparently slept with a teacher, or so said Yui... And the rest of the school.

"Stand!"

"Bow!"

"Sit!"

Registration began as the teacher walked around the room, calling names off her list. Yui's friend Nodoka was off sick today. The registration continued.

"Kotobuki Tsumugi" the teacher droned.

"Here!" Mugi chirped.

The class turned and saw the crash victim once more for the first time in over two months. Some were smiling. Mugi smiled back.

Sneakily under her desk, Mugi lifted her skirt and slid a hand into her silk panties. Only a few drips had escaped so far, and her panties were only slightly damp, but there was a noticeable small wet patch on them.

Registration went by slowly today. After the names were called, she asked if she could go to the toilet. The teacher refused, and said that she should have gone before registration.

Mugi stood up and walked towards her confidently. On top of her register, Mugi slid her parents' note, informing the tutor of her disposition and requirement for restroom breaks hourly at minimum.

"Okay, go on. But be quick!" The teacher responded.

Mugi walked out of the class' sliding doors as the class stared and wondered. Yui turned to Mio.

"What do you reckon the note said?" She whispered.

"I don't think you should ask. It's her personal business." Mio replied.

Mugi came back no more than a minute later, looking refreshed. She sat for another half-hour or so and listened to the teacher's announcements for the week. When registration finished, Mugi asked to go to the toilet again, and was granted.

Yui and Mio watched her leave again, before looking to each other for a reason that someone would need to use a restroom twice in half an hour, as did the whole class.

Mugi returned yet again and this time was greeted by Yui.

"Welcome back again, Miss Potty-Break." She joked.

"Yeah, Moogs, what's up? Surely nobody could ever need to use a bathroom twice in half an hour, no less, you?" Mio added.

Mugi laughed nervously. "Yeah, I guess I'm just not feeling myself today. At all."

Mugi quickly lifted her skirt and slid a hand inside her panties. They were certainly wetter than before, but by no means were they "wet" as to say.

First period flew by like nothing, and before she knew it, it had been well over an hour since Mugi had last had a potty break. She paused from her work and glanced at the board. As she did, she noticed that a few people were staring at her. She just returned to her writing and left them to it.

Another few seconds went past and the same people began giggling. Mugi looked up and found more staring than before. As she looked around at them, she glanced at Yui, who seemed extremely worried about her. Mugi started to worry. Just then, the teacher walked over to her desk, and watching her step, carefully squatted just in front of Mugi and somberly spoke.

"Tsumugi... Are you alright?"

It was at this moment where Mugi finally realised what was going on. She pushed her chair back and looked down at herself, and just as she expected, the worst was happening.

A dark, wet patch of a warm liquid was expanding on her skirt. As she followed its trails, she saw the yellow liquid on her legs, coming from inside her panties. The liquid had spread out under her bottom and into the back of her skirt, through to the chair, and was dripping off of the back. At the front, the liquid poured off the chair and down her legs, turning her white socks a deep yellow, and pooling up on the floor beneath her. She was wetting her pants.

The class began to laugh at her. Her head was spinning. She was humiliated! The teacher ran off to find a janitor and the nurse, whilst Mugi's head collapsed in a fit of tears onto her desk. The pee was still flowing and didn't seem to want to stop. Yui saw Mugi's discomfort and moved her chair closer to put a hand on Mugi's back and comfort her.

"Hey, it's okay! Don't cry! We aren't laughing, Mio and I!" Yui exclaimed. Mio nodded in agreement.

"It's fine Mugi! It happens to the best of us, right Mio?" Yui looked over at her.

"Hey! That was only one time and it was a complete accide-" Mio replied furiously before stopping herself.

They both stopped as Mugi got up and ran for the nurse's office, leaving behind her a trail of pee and tears.

She knocked on the infirmary door, and stood in the middle of the hall, until the door opened. Stood in the doorway was the nurse, a happy-go-lucky young woman who was always caring and was obsessed with pink, which was why she wore a pink nurse cosplay outfit and had dyed her hair pink.

The nurse looked at Mugi, and then her clothes. Mugi stood in full view from the whole hall, dripping with pee from the waist downwards, her face as red as a ripe tomato. The nurse then looked back up to Mugi's face and began to speak.

"Oh, you poor thing. Please, come in, have a lie down, and let's get you a towel, shall we?

Mugi was shown to an empty bed, next to a girl who she didn't know that was eyeing her wet skirt like she was trying to see a hole through it. Mugi blushed and turned to face the nurse, who instructed her to get in the bed.

"You rest here. I have patients to tend to."

Mugi laid in bed, cold and embarrassed, unable to sleep. She thought about everything that had happened and shivered. She looked down at herself in the hospital bed as she began to feel warmer. She suddenly realised what was happening. ("Not again!") She thought to herself. ("And in the nurse's office too... The infirmary bed at that!")

Tears began to stream down her face again as she clasped her private parts, trying desperately to stop the pee at all costs, but without nerves, she couldn't help it. The warm liquid flowed through her panties, moistening them again and warming them back up. The pee gushed through her fingers and rolled onto the bed sheet. Mugi went deep red as she watched the puddle beneath her expand, completely helpless and unable to stop it.

The nurse was quite shocked when she came over to see this. She rushed off and grabbed an absorbent pad and shoved it between Mugi's legs, and quickly began mopping up pee with kitchen roll in a last ditch effort to save the bed sheets. Overall, her efforts were mainly unsuccessful.

A few minutes later, after Mugi had explained that she was incontinent and that she couldn't help it, the nurse, partially wet with Mugi's urine, opened a cupboard on the opposite side of the room. From inside the cupboard she pulled out a large rectangular plastic bag.

It was a very strange shape, not any bag you would get from a supermarket, and it was plastered in bright colours and brand logos. The bag was half full of something and had a tear across the top of it. The nurse reached inside the tear and pulled out a white square. It had a blue line across the middle, and the outside layer appeared to be a fabric of some sort.

As the nurse put it down next to Mugi, she could see now that it wasn't a square, but rather a longer rectangle that was folded into thirds. It had some small slips on the sides that had been folded in. Not to mention, it was extremely thick. It smelled of a babyish aroma, almost reminiscent of something to Mugi. She couldn't quite put her finger on it.

The nurse quickly pulled the curtain around the bed, and spoke to Mugi.

"I'm going to give you an injection that will make you go to sleep. When you wake up, you will feel much better." She smiled.

The nurse picked up her injection and reached for Mugi's arm. Mugi lifted her wet bottom and pulled her arm from between it and the warm bed sheets. The injection went in smoothly and painlessly, and within seconds, Mugi was asleep.

She awoke a while later, during the final period of the day, and the nurse was there to greet her back into the world.

"Ah, you're awake! Your spare clothes arrived from home, so I changed you into them. Hope you don't mind." The Nurse chirped.

Mugi yawned as she came to. She stretched her arms out and lifted her bottom. Something felt... Different.

Just as she wondered what it was, her arm struck something soft and cold... And wet. She looked over at the table and found her wet clothes. She noticed that the folded rectangle was now gone, but the nurse was busy with other things.

She lifted up her skirt and peeked inside at her panties. "Oh, someone needs changing!" She exclaimed with joy.

"No I don't! I feel dry!" Mugi retorted.

She didn't believe the nurse, so she decided that it would be best if she checked for herself. She reached her arms down to the rim of her skirt and grabbed it. She then pulled it up to find her panties much earlier than usual. She continued pulling, and as she did, she realised that they were definitely not panties...

As her skirt was finally fully lifted, she could see in full view, a thick, white disposable diaper, stained yellow all over and with a faded blue liquid meter at the bottom. The diaper was very thick, and now that she could see it, she felt it too. She suddenly felt how hot her whole crotch was, including her bottom, and that it was soaking wet and sticky as she moved. The diaper was so thick that she couldn't even feel the bed sheets below her anymore, which had been replaced along with her clothes.

She turned bright red and her mouth opened out of pure shock. Saliva ran through her mouth around her tongue as she struggled to swallow it. She thought she was about to scream, when the nurse directed her attention to herself.

The nurse removed the tapes from the front of the diaper and allowed the sides to drop on either side of Mugi's body, freeing the front of the diaper to move. The nurse lifted the front up, and pulled it out, before laying it in between Mugi's spread legs. Mugi now saw how very thick the diaper was when it is completely saturated and how yellow the whole thing was inside. Her private parts were now in full view to the nurse, and a trickle of pee was leaking from Mugi's pee hole.

The nurse pulled out a bag of baby wipes and before Mugi could stop her, she was wiping her down with them. The nurse rubbed past Mugi's clitoris as she cleaned, and sent Mugi into ecstacy as she tried to contain herself. She moaned with delight as the cold wet wipes rubbed against her wet, sticky vagina and she clasped the bed sheets in her hands.

The nurse shoved two fingers holding a baby wipe into Mugi's pussy and twisted them around, moving them in and out to clean all of Mugi's soft, tight hole. Mugi moaned louder and began to breathe heavily as she started to get very wet.

Before Mugi could cum, the nurse pulled her fingers out and removed the diaper from beneath her. She pulled out a new square... No, a new diaper, from the bag and unfolded it before placing it under Mugi's bottom.

She picked up a bottle of baby powder and sprinkled it over Mugi's privates and began running her fingers around them, paying most attention to the clitoris and letting Mugi moan louder than ever.

Just as Mugi climaxed, she pulled the diaper up over her wet pussy and kissed Mugi hard on the lips. Mugi's eyes widened she embraced the heavenly kiss given to her by the nurse. Just then, Mugi moaned uncontrollably as she came into her diaper, spurting pee and cum into her new clean diaper as it was fastened shut.

"You naughty girl, you. Please, try to control yourself in future." The nurse teased Mugi.

As Mugi laid and caught her breath, her privates pulsating with pleasure, the nurse began to write on a piece of paper. When she finished, she roughly folded it and handed it to Mugi.

"Here, give this to your parents. It will explain what happened here today and why you're wearing a diaper. It has the brand written down at the bottom, and what store I buy them from. The diapers, by the way, should last two or three full wets, so you should be able to survive a whole school day in them. It may be best if you come in to see me at lunch times to get a diaper change though." She explained.

"If you ever have any issues with your disability or the diapers, you know where to find me. If I'm not here, you can call me on this number at the top. Now run along, school is ending, and if you go now, you can avoid the rush." She smiled and opened the door for her.

Mugi waddled out of the infirmary, attempting to close her legs, but to no avail. She would have to get used to walking in these before she could wear them confidently, so she decided to skip the bathroom and head for the stairs.

As she was heading down the hallway, the bells rang. Classes were starting to pour out into the hall. Mugi panicked and ran into the toilets, found an empty stall and locked herself in it. She undid her skirt and pulled it down to her ankles, exposing her clean diaper. She thought about her options and decided that the diaper was safer. She pulled her skirt back up and headed out of the school.

At the gate, Yui, Mio and Ritsu were all waiting for Mugi. She waddled up to the three and stared at her feet.

Silence swept through the group. An awkward air was forming. Yui decided to try and break it.

"S-so... You feeling any better now?" She asked politely.

"Y... Yeah..." Mugi muttered.

Silence was once again upon them, until Ritsu decided to speak.

"Man, I can't believe that you just wet your pants!" She exclaimed. Mio instantly floored her with a single hit. Ritsu lay on the floor for a few seconds whilst the other three began to speak.

"So, is there anything still wrong? Are you okay now?" Yui asked.

"I'd like to talk about it somewhere more private, if you don't mind." Mugi replied nervously.

Later that day, in Yui's house, the four sat around a low table on spongy pink carpet in Yui's bedroom, accompanied by Ui, eager to hear how Mugi was.

Mugi explained to the other four how the accident had split nerves in her bladder, and how she was incontinent and the hospitals couldn't do anything to help.

"Why didn't you say so earlier?" Yui asked curiously.

"Well, I was really nervous... And... I don't really know..." Mugi muttered, beginning to regret discussing it in the first place as she recalled the events in the classroom.

"That's very unfortunate, Mugi. I feel so sorry for you." Ui continued. "But I have to ask, why didn't you just wear diapers instead of risking accidents?"

Mugi froze and turned bright red. She began to shake as her lips attempted to form an answer to Ui's question.

"W-well... You s-see... D-d-diapers are... Are... Really gross, b-because, umm..." She stuttered nervously.

"Are you okay Moogs?" Mio asked.

"Y-yeah." Mugi replied. "I was just s-saying how they're gross b-because you s-sit in a p-pool of your own p-pee... And... They're s-so obvious, that s-someone would s-surely n-notice you w-wearing them..."

"I suppose you're right." Ui muttered.

"Mugi, is there any particular reason you're so shaky?" Ritsu asked devilishly.

"What?! N-no! I'm fine..." Mugi said quickly.

"Okay good. I was just wondering why your crotch was so big." Ritsu replied.

"Oh! That! That's from when... The, uhh... The surgery! My bones didn't fit together... Or something..." Mugi laughed. "It's not like I'm wearing a diaper! Don't be silly!"

Ritsu was very suspicious of how Mugi was acting. She gave Yui a signal to grab Mugi from behind. Yui wrapped her arms around Mugi's midriff and held tight as Mugi tried to break free. Ritsu grabbed Mugi's skirt and hoisted it up, revealing a thick, wet diaper beneath.

The gang all stared, and Mugi blushed red and froze again. Yui let go of Mugi and she began to cry.

The four all stared at Mugi and her wet diaper, completely clueless on how to make Mugi feel better.

Suddenly, Yui shot up and they all stared at her instead.

"Hey, Mugi, it's okay! Look!" Yui said confidently, as she clenched her fists and scrunched her face up. Her bladder tensed and bulged out as she forced herself to start urinating. As she did, streams of liquid began to contour down her tights. Her arms tensed straight beside her body, her knees fell together and collided as her skirt got caught in between her legs. The pee spread through her panties and soaked her skirt at the front, creating steam rising from the pool of pee expanding on the carpet. The others stared at her as she soaked her panties through to her skirt and down her tights to the puddle on the floor. When she was finished, she collapsed back to a seated position in the middle of the wet spot on her carpet.

Ritsu suddenly turned to Mugi, squatting down by her.

"Yeah, me too!" She exclaimed, whilst she pulled up her skirt, exposing her panties. They were white and already quite dirty, with a small brown skid mark at her bottom. Soon enough, there was a wet patch on them too, and it expanded and moved down, soaking her bottom and creating a wet spot on the back of her skirt. The pee streamed out of her panties and created a huge puddle beneath her feet that soaked into the carpet. The stream arced out as it came out of her pee hole and soaked the carpet in front of her too. At the end her skirt was quite wet too at the back.

She turned to Mio with a grim look on her face.

"Mio! There's a sea urchin on your skirt!" She yelled.

Mio panicked and flailed her arms about as she fell into her back with her knees up, exposing her white and blue striped panties. She started to sob as she completely lost control of her bladder from the impact and before long a large pool of pee was forming around her. It streamed out of her now yellow and blue panties and pooled up on her skirt before soaking into it and the carpet below. She realised what was happening and sat up, her legs bent around on either side of her and shoved her hands into her crotch to try and cover up the wet spot. All she did was push the front of her skirt into her panties and allowed the pee to stream into it and gush out from between her hands. Ritsu lost control and burst out laughing.

"Ha ha ha! I didn't even tell you to do that! You just totally had an accident!" Ritsu giggled.

"S-shut up! Don't look at me!!" Mio yelled through her tears. Mugi laughed and started to look happy again.

"Mio wet her pants! Mio wet her pants!" Ritsu chanted, and mocked her by pretending to cry.

Ui turned to Mugi and stood up. "I suppose it's my turn." She lifted up her pink skirt, exposing a clean pair of sky blue silk panties. "Mugi, I want you to watch me." She smiled.

Ui continued to smile at Mugi as she let go of her bladder and let the pee run out. Her legs were firmly together and straight so that the pee just ran down the inside of her legs. She felt the warmth as her panties got completely soaked, and the pee ran down her legs and hit her white socks, leaving trails of yellow pee as they continued and left two pools at each foot, which joined together to form one larger pool of pee that began to soak into the carpet. She pulled up her panties a bit more as they got completely drenched across every inch of fabric. Soon, her pee ran out and dripped to a stop as she stayed smiling at Mugi, and Mugi smiled back.

Mugi looked at her four friends, who had all wet themselves just to make her feel better about herself, and she began to cry tears of joy. She reached her arms out and brought all four of them in for a big, wet hug.

The wet fabric of the five girls' skirts all rubbed together and left more wet patches on each other, so Mugi's skirt became wet too. As she squeezed the other girls in her arms, she closed her legs, which moved her saturated diaper that was currently being used. The pee started to flow into the diaper and out of the new openings at the sides. The liquid ran down Mugi's legs and created another wet patch in the carpet. The pee leaked onto everyone else's already soaked skirts too.

"By the way, I think I really need a new diaper now." Mugi muttered.

"I think you can make that 5 diapers!" Ui replied, and they all burst out laughing.

The end.

*002*2016-08-30 00:05

{{23 hours ago, poads said:

I enjoyed this alot. There have been several good K-On! and Love Live fanfics lately. Would you consider doing one of YuruYuri or Anne Happy?

}}

I might do in the future, I just finished watching Yuru Yuri San Hai so I've finished all of the series now. I certainly have an affinity for the characters and I could certainly see it happening ;)

