Extreme Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-07-05 08:37

This is another sequel to that "Lesbien Desperation and Wetting" story I wrote. This has a very small farting thing in it, but just one. Im not too into that, but I do notice it.

Sorry I've been lacking content, life has ben a bit hectic lately. But without any further ado, here is the third installment of Mariah's Adventures in Omorashi. Stay tuned for part four!

Mariah had been discovering more and more dirty little secrets about herself. She'd been holding in full bladders almost every day for the past three weeks. She'd explained her interests to Samantha, who was completely supportive, as long as Mariah was okay with Samantha's fetish.

Samantha liked to have her lover tied up while they had sex, and that was all she told her.

Mariah was in her room, long awaiting her girlfriend, who should be arriving soon. To suprise Samantha, she purchased four handcuffs. Her plan was to combine their two fetishes into one, by urgently needing to piss while tied up, and completely at Samantha's mercy. They had talked about Samantha toeturing Mariah's full bladder before, and it got both of them extremely excited.

She wanted it all to be ready even before she got here, as to not waste any time in Sam's busy schedule. The first thing Mariah did was somethjng she didn't have a very good feeling about. Along with a bad ache in her bladder, she felt that it wouldn't be a good idea, but she did it anyway. She placed duct tape over her pussy to stem the flow of any pee that might want to escape with her not going to be able to hold herself and all. Then, she cuffed her ankles to the bottom of her bed and her wrists to the top, one hand being particularly strenuous, forcing her to use her mouth to clasp it shut. She was now completely helpless.

Her belly ached with the need to pee. She fidgeted with her legs, even though it served no purpose. She was excited for this, though. Samantha was always cancelling on her for her job lately, but tonight was a sure thing.

What would have been a spurt of pee was blocked by the tape. She felt it at the end of her urethra, then retreat back to her bladder. She needed to pee bad already.

Her phone rang and scared her, making her need to pee a little worse. It was obnoxiously loud, especially since she couldn't answer it.

The phone went to voicemail, and Samantha's voice came over the speaker:

"Hey Mar, I'm really so sorry, but I'm gonna be a few hours late. Something came up at work and I can't turn it down. Ughh! You know how it is. Anyway, Im excited for tonight, Ill see you soon!"

Her heart dropped to her stomach, which dropped to her bladder, which was begging for release. She couldn't hold it for HOURS. She had very little problem with being tied up, she would probably sleep, but she peeked down at the tape keeping back the copious amount of fluid inside her and feared she would burst. She looked down at the bathroom door, which was open just enough for the toilet to be visible. It was going to be absolute torture. She really needed to use it.

"Ohhh god..." she groaned, and fidgeted with her legs. Mariah relaxed herself and tried to let it flow free, but it was blocked off. She pushed hard to no avail.

She looked at the clock. It was ten minutes after Samantha called. The intense pulse of her bladder lingered inside her and refused to leave.

She checked the clock every thirty seconds for an hour after that. Then, it went from checking the clock to grimacing in pain, moaning and groaning, complaining to no one in particular, and staring at the toilet just ten feet away.

By now, a bulge in her bladder was clearly visible. She was nearing her limit. She drank a lot of water to prepare for this.

"Ohhh fuck it hurts.... I really have to go... this sucks. I hate you Samantha. You're gonna make me exploooo--" A wave of desperation hit. Her bladder contracted, and she felt pee nearing her peehole. That would have been the one to make her wet herself and she knew it. Mariah was now at her limit. She really needed to pee.

A half hour passed. Tears were beginning to form in Mariah's eyes. It looked like there was a water balloon in her stomach. She often pulled on the cuffs because of the pain. Her bladder was enormous, stretched far too much. It was pulsating heavily. The ocean of pee inside her goes from screaming to escape through complete agony to begging for release through a painful ache.

"I have to go so bad... I need to pee.... In a toilet... or anything... I just need to go..." She looked down at the bulge in her belly. "Oh my god... look at it, this is awful... My bladders going to tear, isn't it... or rupture... ohh god it hurts..." She remembered back to the night under Ari's bed, and wondered if it was worse than what she was feeling right now.

After another hour, she was certain that it was worse. Her bladder was unbelievably huge. Tears were constantly streaming down her face, and she sobbed and cursed and yankd on the cuffs. She really needed to pee.

"H-Holy fuck I n-need to piss..." Her naked body was shaking from head to toe, and she was drenched in sweat. Over the searing pain of her overfilled bladder, she felt a needto fart that made her need to go pee even worse. She did it, then the feeling returned. A bigger fart, and a bigger push on her bladder to amplify the pain. She let it go, but it was the least of her problem. "O-Oh my god," she cried. She really needed to pee. This was the worst she'd ever needed to go in her life, worse than under the bed, worse than her holds, anything. She wanted more than anything to remove the tape from her pussy that was holding back the torrential ocean of pee inside her.

Downstairs, she heard keys in the door, then it opening. It was Samantha!

She could finally get relief. Her bladder was so full and hurt so bad she couldn't even think about holding it any longer.

Samantha entered the room. She smiled and made a comment about Mariah, obviously thinking it was all part of the act that she was completelt desperate to get free.

"S-Samantha... take the tape off... please... I have to pee..."

Samantha didn't do this. She ran her fingers down Mariah's body until she got to her bladder, which was rock hard and enormous. "Jesus christ, Mariah, did you drink a lake?"

"Just take off the t-tape, Samantha, you f-fucking idiot..."

"Is that any way to speak to your master? I'll take this tape ofd, but there better not be even a drop of pee here!"

Samantha tore the tape off her pussy. It hurt bad, but not nearly as much as Mariah's bladder. It finally released, letting go a torrent of pee, shooting out of her pussy. Samantha kissed her, and Mariah didn't kiss back. She came from the extreme relief, multiple times.

"O-Oh, god"

She pissed for over four minutes, and when she finished, there were pins and needles in her bladder. Her pussy was soaked, as was the bedsheet, and the mattress. Although they were soaking up a lot of urine, there was still a huge puddle between Mariah's legs. Samanha continued to kiss her, and she could care less, but maybe she just needed a break from omorashi for a while.

