Lesbien Desperation and Wetting

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-05-29 05:34

I really like this one, even if the end is kind of hardcore. Although, compared to some other things I've seen with omorashi, this is still pretty soft.

Mariah was devious. She even considered herself a bitch. She smiled at the fact that she's been messing around with her ex's girlfriend for months now, not out of hidden love but out of spite.

She sat naked on the bed of her ex-girlfriend, Ari, with only an unbuttoned flannel shirt on. She was waiting for Samantha, Ari's unfaithful current.

Samantha stepped out of the bathroom with only a robe on. She let it drop to her ankles, revealing her pale, beautiful body. Her long, black hair was concealing her breasts in a modest-like fashion, even though she was anything but.

"What took you so long?" Mariah asked, feigning sadness and pushing her tits together. She had her red hair up in a messy bun on her head. She spread her legs and threw her flannel shirt to the ground as Samantha climbed onto her and they kissed passionately.

This was a great moment that couldn't be interrupted, definitely not by Mariah's full bladder. She really had to go, but it could wait. There were more pressing needs.

She had Samantha's breasts in her hands, and Samantha's hand on her pussy. She was getting wet as her lover pushed her fingertips up inside her.

Suddenly, downstairs, a door closing could be heard. The couple stopped. Samantha looked at Mariah frantically.

"Ari!" she mouthed silently to her. They both got up and panicked as they looked for somewhere Mariah could hide.

They heard Ari coming up the steps. Mariah dove under the bed and could hear Samantha jumping onto the bed and rusting the blankets. Ari came into the room.

A familiar shy laugh from Ari made Mariah burn with anger. Anything she did made her mad now. She also felt a twinge in her abdomen, a certain need that came back after a few moments of silence. She really needed to pee.

"Are you naked under there?" Ari asked rhetorically, and dropped her things on the ground. Mariah thought she could hear her undressing, then kissing. She burned even more, then laughed at herself. Was she really jealous of someone that was being cheated on with her?

She brought her knees up and fanned her legs. The bed was luckily just high enough off the ground for her to do that, and she was just short enough. She needed to pee badly.

From under the bed she saw a fur coat fall to the ground. I bought her that coat...

That was followed by a shirt, then jeans, then a bra, then lace underwear. Mariah found herself angry at Samantha too, for some reason. She was fucking someone else within minutes of fucking her. She also found herself pressing her fingers to her crotch as the need to pee was increasing. Three iced coffees seemed like a great idea at the time.

Her bladder yearned for relief. She was constantly fidgeting with her feet, crossing her legs and holding herself. Why didn't she go when she had the chance? 'Excuse me, Samantha, but I really gotta pee. I'll go do that real quick.' It would have been that easy. Instead, now she lay naked underneath a bed, dying for a piss while two people fucked right above her. Excellent.

A mild wave hit her. The fidgeting got really bad for a moment before she decided to lay on her side with her knees positioned closer to her stomach to keep the urine in. It wasn't very comfortable, given the bit of extra pressure on her bladder, but she didn't want to move around too much and make a lot of noise.

She really needed to pee.

The two above her were beginning to make more noise. Moaning, gasping, calling out each other's name... Samantha remembered she was under here, right?

A wave hit, and she pressed her legs together even harder. A few drops escaped, and she movd her hands back into her crotch. Unlucky me, she thought. I'm nude and I just touched my bare piss.

She closed her eyes and dropped her head to the ground and, suprisingly enough, fell asleep.

She woke up to the sound of rustling. She jolted awake, not remembering where she was, then she remembered.

"Come onnnn, you really have to go now?" she heard Samantha whine, "You've got an hour before you have to be there."

"It does help to arrive early to these things," Ari replied, "besides, It'll only be a couple hours. I'll be back soon."

"You sure you don't want another round?" The two giggled, and the sound of kissing filled the room again. Mariah remembered where she was and why she was there completely. She also remembered that she needed to pee really badly.

REALLY badly.

She must have been asleep for hours, and it was bad before. She couldn't move. It felt like there was an ocean of urine in her poor bladder. A rock hard bulge was visible in her belly. The pressure was unbelievable.

She layed there in silent agony for almost twenty minutes, her bladder screaming for relief before it bursts. She begged them to hurry up and leave already, she couldn't take it anymore! If she had to wait any longer she was going to die!

"More... More!" Ari moaned.

Mariah's pain was incredible. She'd never had to pee this badly before. There was so much pent up urine inside her, stretching her bladder past her limit, that she feared she would literally pop.

It must be the position I fell asleep in, she thought, it must have actually closed my pussy. I definitely would have pissed myself by now.

The poor girl was shaking and sweating. It was too much to bear.

"Oh!" moaned Samantha, "I'm there!" The two finally ceased. They layed there in silence for a while.

Mariah rolled over on her back again. Her legs were still shut, both hands pushing firmly down on her crotch. She leaked a bit, then a bit more.

Ari laughed. "Alright, now I really have to leave." They kissed. She took an eternity to get her things ready.

Mariah was in so much pain. Her eyes were shut as tears were streaming down her face, her legs clenched as hard as they could, and her fingers almost dipping into her pussy trying to keep the flood at bay. It was too much. She heard Ari kiss Samantha again.

"I'll be back in a couple of hours," she said.

"Wait!" said Samantha.

Please, I'm begging you. I have to pee. I've never had to pee this bad in my life I just really need to go.

"Do you want me to drive you?"

"Sure, that's fine."

Samantha could be heard getting her things together.

Mariah began leaking. A small but steady stream of urine falling from her pussy and onto the floor, through her fingers. Her sphincter tightened, her tears doubled, and the pain in her bladder remained. It stopped, but she was still shaking

Samantha and Ari kissed again, and then they left, closing the door behind them.

Mariah wasted no time, opening her legs and relaxing her muscles... but nothing came.

The pain was still there. The intense, unbearable agony was still inside her, torturing her to no end. She pushed, but it just made the pain worse. She was sobbing hard. She heard the car leave the driveway.

She slowly pulled herself out from under the bed, crying and shaking, trying so hard to relax herself enough to urinate. She didn't know where she was going, there was no way she could stand, let alone get help. She seriously damaged herself now.

Her bladder bulge was huge. Bigger than she ever thought was possible. She was crying loudly, pleading with herself to just pee. She pulled her pussy apart gently to coax herself, but it hurt worse. Her nerves were on fire. She pushed on her bladder and almost screamed.

Mariah didn't know what to do. She was sobbing on the floor of someone else's house, naked, begging to relieve her overfilled bladder, and completely out of options.

Then, a miracle happened.

She began leaking. Small, then growing to a loud, powerful stream. Pee exploded out of her, all over her legs and the floor. She moaned loudly as the contents of her bladder finally left their prison and spilled out onto the floor. She came, then came again. The relief was so much. She peed a strong, hissing stream of urine for minutes.

It began dying down until the last few spurts of urine came out of her. There was pee everywhere. She layed there in the puddle, breathing heavily, in bliss. She'd never had an orgasm like that before. She'd never known relief like that before now.

She peeked down. What looked like ten gallons of urine was spread around, staining the carpet. Her pale, nude body was drenched in it.

She shakily got to her feet. Suddenly, another stream of urine came out of her. Only a few seconds, but still there. She felt empty.

What happened today changed how she looked at sex forever. She would have sex and masturbate all normal, but with a full bladder, aiming for the orgasm she just had.

*004*2017-05-29 17:50

{{19 minutes ago, randomkath said:

This was really enjoyable! Hot, very hot. I hope to read about Mariah's future full-bladder masturbation sessions, too.

And there I almost didn't click on the link, over the misspelling of "lesbian". I honnestly expected badly written jerk-off material by some horny teen. I was pleasantly surprised. Something, something, books and covers.

}}

Thanks!

Yeah, I was kind of tired when I finished the story and didn't pay too much attention. Whoops

*006*2017-05-31 15:25

{{On 5/29/2017 at 4:40 PM, randomkath said:

No worries. I miss typos and grammar errors, frequently, now matter how often I proofread something, only to discover them about 5 milliseconds after something has been posted and cannot be edited any longer. Fruststrating as hell.

Any plans for future installments of this story? I'd really like to follow Mariah as she explored this new aspect of her sexuality...

}}

Of course, there's a couple stories I'd like to follow up on, this being one of them. It's going up soon.

