A Night’s Worth of Urine

Author: Quackduck

*000*2019-04-24 06:13

I woke up groggily next to my lover, who was still fast asleep. My curly black hair was knotted and the only article of clothing I had on was a white T-shirt. My bottom half was completely exposed under the covers. I hadn’t planned on getting fucked, so I had a embarrassingly unkept bush. I didn’t remember much from the night before on account of the amount of drinks I had. Just one of the many side effects I felt from having too much fun, along with a splitting headache and a bursting bladder.

Oh, fuck, I thought, as my immense need to urinate truly set in. It seemed like an entire gallon of hot piss was bulging out of my belly, pulsing torturously. I tried crawling out of bed as silently as I could, but I still woke him up.

“Where you goin’?” he mumbled, eyes half closed.

”Bathroom,” I replied, stepping in place as I searched for my pants.

”—Time izzit?”

”Half past nine.”

He jumped up, startled. “Don’t go out there!” He whispered.

”Why?” I asked pleadingly, desperately fidgeting and squeezing myself. The huge amount of alcohol I had drank was stretching my bladder far more than I was comfortable with.

”I told you last night you had to be out of here by seven. If my parents see you here, I’m dead.”

”Shit. I’m sorry, I don’t even remember that. I can be quiet, I just really have to piss.”

”No! You’re climbing out the window. Don’t pass my parents bedroom.”

”Nathan, it’s seriously an emergency. I can’t wait—“

”My parents can’t see you! Go!”

I pulled on my underwear and jeans, but I didn’t button them. “I can be quick, I just have to go so badly—“

”No! You can’t go anywhere in my house. My parents room is right down the hall. You have to get out now! I’ll call you.”

I knew he wouldn’t. I buttoned my jeans painfully over my bulging tummy and climbed out of the window. With both hands desperately grabbing at my crotch, I snuck out of his yard to the safety of the road. I had no idea where I was. I danced in place as I sent for an Uber, but my phone died as it was going through.

”Fuck!” I cursed. I stood there looking around and squirming for a minute before I cut my losses and went back to his window, which I quietly knocked on sheepishly. He looked at me incredulously.

”What the fuck?” He mouthed.

”Open it!” I whispered, unable to make it any less obvious that I was about to piss my pants.

He opened it. “What do you want?”

”I don’t know where I am or how to get home. My phones dead.”

He sighed. “Get in. Be absolutely silent! Ill let you charge your phone here, but you have to be ready to hide if my parents come in.”

”Thanks so much,” I said, climbing back in. I grimaced as my bladder continued to complain. “Dude, I seriously gotta piss though,” I told him as I plugged my phone in.

”I told you you can’t leave this room.”

I unbuttoned my jeans. “You don’t have, like, a cup or something in here that I can use?”

”Nasty ass.”

”I’m really not kidding,” I told him, doubling over and pushing my fingers into my privates. “You have no idea how bad I need to use the bathroom.”

”I don’t care.”

“Fucking jesus...” I choked while on the verge on tears, gripping myself with all my strength as I spurted into my underwear. My urethra stung as I cut off the short-lived stream.

“You’re really gonna piss yourself if you don’t go soon?” He asked. I nodded.

Nathan sighed and got up. “I’ll get you a cup, but you’re taking it with you, alright?”

“Thank you so much,” I said, still doubled over. He left, leaving me alone in his room cradling my burning bladder. I felt like I could explode at any moment. I heard footsteps coming down the hallway, but I knew it was too early to be Nathan. I scrambled under the bed and held my breath, cringing as my bloated belly was squished against the hardwood floor. The person opened the door, but didn’t come in.

“What are you doing, Dad?” I heard Nathan say.

“I could have sworn I heard a woman’s voice,” was the reply.

“I was watching something on my phone.”

I rolled onto my side so my piss bulge wouldn’t be crushed any longer. It continued agonizingly throb. I started leaking again, and my hands shot in between my legs to stem the flow. My bladder was screaming. I heard the footsteps recede back down the hallway, then his bedroom door close.

“Where are you?” he whispered. I climbed out from under the bed, doubled over and nearly crying. One hand was squeezing my crotch while one hand was reaching with shaky hands for the small styrofoam 7/11 cup he’d retrieved for me. “You have to be silent when you do this,” he said, pulling the cup away.

“I will, just please let me pee,” I begged, already pulling my pants down. As soon as he handed me the cup, I squatted over it and exploded. Urine loudly hissed out of me and splattered into the cup, filling it quicker than I thought. I bit my lip to keep from moaning from the pleasure.

Nathan hit me on the shoulder and stared daggers at me, putting his finger to his mouth and telling me to be quiet. I couldn’t. If only he knew how good it felt to finally release all that pent up liquid at that moment. I looked back down and saw that the cup was alarmingly full, almost overflowing. I immediately stemmed the flow, my urethra badly stinging. I winced and squeezed my girlhood, drops of pee making my palm wet.

“There, you pissed,” he whispered, “now get out! Hurry!”

“I’m not done!” I pleaded, squirming desperately, but he ushered me toward the window with my pants still around my knees. I dumped the urine out of the open window. “Nathan, I still really have to go.”

“Take the cup and go outside!”

“I can’t go outside!”

“You’re going to have to!”

I yanked my pants up. He handed me my phone, which was now at 3%, and rushed me out the window.

I knew I couldn’t go outside, so I didn’t even take the cup with me. There was nowhere I could go for privacy. I was less desperate than I was before, but I still really had to go. I snuck out of his yard and sent for an Uber. That time it went through. I waited for nearly fifteen minutes, marching, holding myself, jumping around, doubling over, and crossing my legs. I did basically anything you could imagine to keep the ocean of pee inside me. When the Uber came driving down the road, I was twisted up like a pretzel, bobbing up and down. I was fidgeting for the whole drive to my house, scooting back and forth when it became particularly bad. I arrived at my house, leapt out of the car, and ran up to the front door, which was locked. I jogged in place as I searched my pants for the key. I had my phone, my wallet, a couple of loose pennies...

No key. I had lost my house key.

I checked under the mat, on the windowsills, and every possible crevice on the porch to no avail. My parents were on vacation and wouldn’t be getting home for another few days. With both hands pressed firmly between my legs, I ran around to the backyard and checked the door. Also locked.

I was getting about as desperate as I was when I was in Nathan’s room. I unbuttoned my pants as my belly started to bulge and press against the waistband again. I pulled my phone out of my pocket, which was now at 1%, and called my friend Julia. She didn’t answer at first.

“Hello?”

“Julia!” I exclaimed, wiggling around, “what are you doing?”

“Nothin’. Watchin, TV.”

“I really need you to come pick me up.”

“Are you alright?”

“I’m fine, I just—“ I doubled over more, squeezing myself harder, “I’m locked out of my house and I really need to pee.”

She laughed. “Are you serious?”

“Julia, please, I’m about to burst!”

“Alright, jeez. I’m on my way.”

At that moment, my phone died and I was left alone with my screaming bladder once again. I ran back to the front porch so I’d see Julia pull up. There, I hopped around and squirmed, ready to cry. I was definitely at the level I was at Nathan’s, if not worse. My bloated belly pulsed constantly and agonizingly. I continued to jump and march around, even though every step felt like daggers in my tummy. I just couldn’t stand still at all. I sat down on the armrest of a chair, grinding into my crotch in an attempt at some sort of relief. I let out a strong spurt into my underwear, wincing at the pain of holding. I stuck both of my hands into my pants, gripping my pussy with all of my strength. I spurted again directly into my hands, gritting my teeth and tensing my entire lower half.

“Fuckkk...” I groaned miserably, getting back on my feet and waddling to the door. I tried the knob again in vain, stepping pathetically in place as my howling, overfilled bladder begged to be emptied. I started leaking again, but this time I couldn’t stop it. I dropped to a squatting position, holding myself as hard as I could. It went on for a long time, too, far longer than I wanted.

I thought my body was going to completely empty itself, but I fought it every second it was happening, no matter how painful. Enough urine to drench my butt and my thighs escaped me before I was able to stop. My entire body was shaking by the time I did. Although I wasn’t as desperate as before, I was still filled to the brim with liquid that wanted out. For a minute, I sat there as still as I could, holding myself. I pushed myself back up when I heard a car coming down the street. To my luck, it was Julia. Noting my drenched pants, I waddled as fast as I could and poked my head in te window, squirming and dancing around.

“I leaked,” I said, “a lot...”

“I see that,” Julia giggles. She took an old shirt off the car floor and put it on the passenger seat. I climbed in, my thighs sticky and my bladder bursting.

“How did you manage to get locked out?” She asked, laughing.

“Can we please get to your house?” I pleaded, “I’m about to explode!”

“Alright, jeez!”

I squirmed and fidgeted the entire way there, trying to keep the fact that I was leaking every few seconds from Julia, who found the whole situation hilarious. She kept hitting her breaks and lurching me forward, which was immensely torturous.

“Pleeease stop,” I begged, half-laughing and half-sobbing. Julia just giggled. All of the liquid pent up inside of me sloshed around with every bump. By the time we arrived at her house, I couldn’t take it anymore. I tried to climb out of the car, but I immediately started leaking the moment I put weight on my feet.

“What are you waiting for?” Julia asked.

“I don’t think I can stand up,” I replied. I felt my ears burning red.

“Is it actually that bad?” She wasn’t laughing as much anymore.

I didn’t say anything back. I sat there tensed up, squeezing my girlhood and waiting for the wave to pass, but it didn’t. It lingered in my aching, throbbing tummy. “I don’t think I’ve ever had to pee this bad before,” I muttered. All I could think about was how much my bladder was stretching past its limit.

“I mean,” Julia said, “you’re already wet. You might as well just... you know.”

I looked up at her. “What?”

“Pee yourself.”

“Nuh-uh,” I grumbled, pushing my shaky fingers harder into my crotch. “It’s one thing to lose control, but it’s another thing to just wet myself voluntarily like a three year old.”

“You’re pushing yourself unnecessarily. The damage is already done. I mean, you’re dripping all over my car as we speak!”

I snickered. I felt my abdomen cramp as I did so, but it made me feel a little better.

“My parents aren’t home,” she continued, “you could just stand up and let go. I’ll lend you more clothes, and you could shower here.”

I sighed a quick and shuddery sigh as my bladder contracted, my bloated belly aching with the pain of a gallon of hot piss inside me. I was bulging out so much I couldn’t believe it. The pee that had already managed to escape was sticking my pants to my body. To be honest, I just wanted it to be over.

I stood up. Almost immediately, I started leaking. My body instinctively tensed up, weakening the stream, before I told it to embrace my fate.

I let go. Fully and completely. A strong, hissing stream of piss shot out of my, utterly drenching my pants and cascading down my legs. I gasped with the pleasure of it. Darkness quickly seeped down to my ankles and a golden river was making its way into the grass. I put some pressure on my belly, pushing my pee out even quicker. My bulge was deflating like a balloon. I moaned a little and bit my lip, feeling an oddly sexual sensation accompany my relief. This went on for a long time, longer than I cared to count. As it trickled to an end, I noticed Julia waiting awkwardly, looking around at the sky a bit red in the face.

“Feel better?” she asked. I nodded, laughing.

“I’ve never pissed so much in my life,” I said, looking at my dripping pants. My relief began to turn to shame. “Oh my god, I wet myself,” I mumbled, burying my face in my hands.

“Don’t worry about it. Come on, let’s get you showered and dressed. I’ll wash your clothes.”

“Just throw them away.”

She laughed. “Or that.”

When I got to her bathroom, I skinned off my soaked pants and pulled off my shirt. I glistened with shining streaks of pee.

A slight creak from the door startled me. I spun around and saw Julia. I covered myself with my arms, but not very well.

“Sorry. I really need to use the toilet before you get in,” she said, rushing over and undoing her pants. “I’ll be quick. Seeing all that just—“ She paused, and looked at my nervous, shameful face, shivering a bit from the cold. She averted her gaze. “It made me have to go.” She dropped her pants, revealing about as much pubic hair as I have, and sat down on the toilet. Urine began pattering in the porcelain bowl almost immediately, and I heard a small sigh of relief. It was a rather substantial amount of urine, too. That was more than just a reaction from seeing me pee; she must have had to go for a while. I brushed this off, though. I got a towel and covered myself, even though she’d already seen. Julia didn’t seem to pay much attention to our modesty. I suppose it was for good reason.

Her stream came to an end. She pulled up her pants and neglected wiping, which I found rather odd. She flushed the toilet and left me to take my shower.

Under the water, I emptied the remaining liquid I was holding absentmindedly. It travelled down my leg and into the drain. When I had finished my shower and gotten dressed in Julia’s clothes, which were a bit too small, I joined her on the couch and watched TV.

“Thanks, by the way,” I said, embarrassed.

“For what?”

I blinked. “The ride, the shower, the clothes... And I’m really sorry about... wetting myself. That’s really embarrassing, jesus christ...”

“Dude, don’t worry about it.”

“I can’t not worry about it! I’m not a kid anymore, I should be able to hold my pee in.”

“You have no idea how often that happens to me.”

“What... peeing yourself?”

“I just hold it without thinking. I don’t even really notice it until I really have to go. If I can’t get to a bathroom in time, well...” She shrugged. “Maybe I’m just weird. I don’t know if this makes me a bad person, but it’s kind of a relief to see it happen to someone else for a change.”

I scratched my head, not really knowing how to respond. I had to go pee again. The weird thing about holding so much is that you have to go again a couple times afterward. I didn’t go to the bathroom, though. I held it absentmindedly, watching TV with Julia.
