They won’t let her inside to pee!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-07-15 03:05

“I-I’m gonna bust!” Erica whined, jiggling the front doorknob as she danced on the spot. She winced as her hand shot to her crotch. “Guys, I’m serious! It hurtsss…”

Two of her friends laughed at her, looking at her through the window. “Why do you have to pee so bad?” one of them asked.

“Your house is far!” she exclaimed. “I had to go since before I left, I just didn’t think about it…”

“Why wouldn’t you go at your…”

“Obviously I thought I’d be able to go here!” she snapped, hopping from foot to foot. “Ohhh, I’m dying, I’m dying…” She saw them whispering to each other and laughing. She groaned miserably. “Please just let me in! I’ll do anything, I just have to pee right now, please!”

“Anything?” her friend echoed, before turning around and whispering something else. She turned back. “Strip naked and we’ll let you in.”

Erica busted out laughing. “Don’t do that! I’m so serious, Ellie, I have to go really bad!”

“If you have to go so bad, why don’t you strip naked so we’ll let you in?”

“Ughhh!” Hands tightly squeezing her crotch, she started marching around, squishing her thighs together with every step. “I’m about to pee my pants!” she groaned, doubling over and shoving her hands in her pants, gripping between her legs.

“Boy, do you look stupid. If you took your clothes off, you could run to the bathroom right away.”

Erica giggled, but stormed over to the window. “You guys are weirdos!” she scolded. “I can’t wait for the opportunity to do this to one of you guyyssss—“ with the last word, she started to piss her pants. She jerked her legs together and bent over, hands buried in between her thighs. It didn’t take long to stem the flow, but once she started leaking, Erica knew she didn’t have much time left before she’d have another accident. Her friends busted out laughing. “Oh, fuck you!” she said as she turned and ran around the side of the house.

“Erica!” Laurel called from her open window. “Whoa, damn, what’s the rush?

“Jacine and Ellie won’t let me in the house and I’m about to pee in my pants!” she whined, holding herself and dancing crazily.

“So you’re gonna pee outside?”

“No! I’m gonna check the backdoor.”

“It’s locked. They locked it.”

“Will you unlock it for me?”

“No way! I don’t wanna be on their shitlist.”

“Come onnn! Oooh…” she frantically crossed her legs, doubling over and clutching herself as a squirt of piss shot into her underwear. Her urethra burned badly. “T-they won’t let me in the house unless I get naked for them on the front porch!”

“Bahahahah! Are you gonna do it?”

“Nnn… I c-can’t…” she twisted her legs up like a pretzel. “I’m embarrassed.”

“I mean, people are naked around here all the time. We’re within walking distance of a nude beach.”

A powerful pang of urgency rippled through Erica’s urinary system. She jerked her butt back, one hand gripping her crotch while she pressed her fingers into herself from behind. “I’m gonna have an accident!” she moaned. The tight shape of her full bladder could be felt pressing against her other organs and bulging out of her belly. She was absolutely dying to use a toilet.

She stormed over to the stairs and sat down on the top step, scooting her butt around. Her full bladder went through a serious of contractions, pulsing painfully. She crossed her legs and leaned forward. “Oooh, I really gotta fucking pee!” she yelled in frustration, unbuttoning her pants to ease the constriction around her bulging pee baby. She heard the door unlock and open behind her. She turned around so quickly that it painfully jostled her overfilled bladder. Jacine slammed the door and locked it as soon as she saw her. Erica got up and ran to the door, banging on it with one hand pressing between her thighs. “Please, let me in! Please, I need to piss so fucking badly, I feel like I’m gonna explode…”

“Erica, it’s so weird that you’re not doing the one thing that would get you inside to pee.”

Erica huffed, dancing desperately. She looked around nervously, then unzipped her fly. “Don’t tell anyone about this!” she told them, pulling her pants and underwear down and kicking them off over her shoes.

“Ooooh!” Jacine and Ellie broke out in hysterical laughter. She pulled her shirt off and unclipped her bra, stepping around crazily and jerking her butt around. She looked around constantly, covering her chest with her arms, nervous that someone might see her. “Please hurry up…” she muttered, moving her hips around, clenching every muscle in the region. “I’m about to pee on myself, I’m so serious…”

A little bit of pee came out and trickled down her legs. “Mmmmph…!” she groaned, squeezing her vagina tightly. “O-Okay, come on! Let me in, already!”

Jacine held up her phone and pointed the camera at the desperate, naked girl. Erica’s face burned a deep red, shuddering with humiliation. “W-Whoa, don’t video! No pictures, holy fuck, dude!”

“I’m kidding!” she laughed, turning it around to show the homescreen of her phone.

“That wasn’t funny!” she scolded, hitting the window with her fist. Then, even though she was holding and squeezing herself madly, golden liquid started leaking out of her pussy, gushing through her fingers, streaming down her legs and splattering onto the deck. “Ahhhh noooo, fuck fuck fuck fuck…!” she squealed, running away from the window in embarrassment. She squatted right in front of the stairs, letting hot piss jet freely out of her urethra. “Ahhhh…” she moaned, pleasure tingling in her privates. Then when she saw a car turn onto their street, panic struck her, and she ran around the side of the house, still urinating hard all over her legs.

“Oh my god, Erica!” Laurel cackled when her friend came sprinting around the side of the house. As soon as she was somewhat covered from the road, she spread her legs and released her urinary sphincter, standing up and pissing hard. “Ohh, Laurel, don’t look…” she begged.

“Holy shit, you really had to go!” she said, her eyes wide at the sight of her friend exploding into the grass. “That’s a strong ass stream!”

“Ughh…” she dropped her head. “Actually, I don’t even care. This feels so good. I had to pee so bad.”

*002*2022-07-21 17:12

{{7 hours ago, HissGenerator said:

Your description of desperation really highlights its urgency. I love it. May come back here a few times for desperation inspiration when writing them. Cheers.

}}

Thanks! I really enjoy your stories as well

