Bad Habit

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-05-25 13:34

Sage sat on her friend’s bed and sipped on her fourth spiked seltzer of the night. Her belly was really full, but celebrating her first visit to her friend’s dorm demanded a more inebriated state. Daisy was leaning on her legs for the first time since summer and it felt like home again. Suddenly, she got up.

“Where you goin’?” Sage asked.

“Gonna change,” she replied, pulling her shirt off to reveal a baby blue bra. That was unclipped, too, and she comfortably exposed her breasts while she rummaged for a shirt.

“Can you grab me something too?”

“Sure thing,” she threw Sage an oversized t-shirt. “You want pants too?”

“Nah,” she skinned her jeans off, then her sweatshirt. She didn’t have a bra on in the first place. The two were soon matching with big shirts and undies.

“I’m so glad you didn’t shave your legs,” Daisy said, yanking Sage’s leg hair.

“Ow!” she winced, pulling her leg away.

“I missed doing that,” she giggled.

“I didn’t! Don’t do that again, that really hurt!” she scratched the spot. Her bladder started to ache as the drink passed through her. As per usual, she waited quite a while to do anything about it. Thirty minutes later, when she was having trouble staying still, she spoke up.

“Do you want to come to the bathroom with me?”

“Nowwww?” Daisy groaned dramatically.

“Well, it doesn’t have to be right now.” Sage shifted her sitting position. “Do you have to go?”

“No.”

“Let me know when you do.”

“Okayyy.”

Time passed. Drinks were drank. Sage found herself squirming, her urge to urinate growing by the second. She bit her lip and set her drink down, scooting nervously. She looked up at her friend sitting at the end of the bed. “Do you have to pee?”

“Not yet,” Daisy replied.

She placed her hand nonchalantly over her crotch. “I gotta go,” she hinted. Daisy was paying attention to the TV. Sage moved her foot under her butt and wriggled into it a little, now at the point of having to restrain herself from breaking out into a potty dance. “How many drinks have you had?”

“Four.”

“What! I thought we were on the same one! You gotta catch up to me!”

Daisy turned to her and sighed, smirking a bit. She hurriedly drained the rest of her drink and held her hand out for another one. Then she drained that one, too. “Now it’s you that’s gotta catch up to me,” she said, reaching for another.

Sage glanced dreadfully at her drink and rubbed her thighs together, hiding just how achingly full her tight bladder was. “Fuck it,” she sighed, and down it went. She crinkled the can in her hand and tossed it, her urinary organ pulsing with pressure.

“Are you gonna get another?”

“In a minute,” she replied, a bit strained.

“Come on, man, it’s a party!” She grabbed another one and handed it to her.

“Some party,” she said, then grimaced and scooted her butt back. An intense wave of urgency was going through her. It was hard not to squeeze her crotch and wriggle around when she felt so close to leaking like this, but impressively, she maintained control, only really squirming into her heel to keep back the flood. She was starting to sweat. “I gotta pee,” she complained, resting her hand in front of her privates.

“Are you gonna drink that, or just hold it as an accessory?”

“The peer pressure is strong tonight!” she laughed, cracking it open.

“No, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that!” Daisy reasoned hurriedly. “I’m just teasing you, I don’t actually care about keeping up or not.”

“Why? Can you not keep up or something?” Sage started chugging the seltzer. She tightened her thigh and butt muscles and fidgeted, the intake of liquid taunting her bladder. She intended to finish it, but only got a little over halfway before the discomfort of her overfilled belly got too much. She belched and wriggled, about to pee right there.

“Damn. Nicely done.” Daisy complimented.

“Thanks!” she replied tightly, fighting her hands from grabbing her pussy. “I really have to use the restroom, though.”

“Haven’t we already seen this episode?” Daisy picked up the remote and went to the episode list.

Sage discreetly pressed her fingertips against her crotch, swaying around and bouncing her legs. Needing a distraction, she leaned back against the headboard and went on her phone. The sensation of her bulging bladder sat tightly under her bloated belly. She fiddled with her waistband and bounced her knees off of each other. She was so full of urine she could hardly stand it, but she was doing a fairly good job of remaining collected.

Daisy leaned over, reaching between Sage’s legs. Before she had a chance to react, she yanked on a pube that was evidently poking out. Sage yelped in surprise, her hands shooting to her privates. She spurted hard, enough to leave a spot, no doubt. Daisy cackled so hard she fell onto her side. Sage had no choice but to grab and hold herself, writhing urgently and uneasily. “Why’d you do that?!” she winced, struggling not to pee any more. After that, her situation was dire. The danger of leaking lingered furiously at full strength, causing Sage to sit there squirming madly, a desperate, trembling mess.

“I’m gonna pee!” Daisy laughed hysterically. Sage whined, scooting her soggy groin into her heel and bouncing. “Let’s go to the bathroom!” she suggested desperately.

After a minute of laughing, Daisy sighed and wiped the tears from her eyes. “I needed that.”

“So…” she struggled to stifle her pee dance, but it felt like a moment of stillness would lead her to leak. “Where’s the toilet?”

“Huh? Oh, it’s down the hall.”

“The hall?” she scooted to the side of the bed, starting to writhe rather frantically. “I have to go now, Daisy…”

Daisy blew a raspberry, disappointed in having to get up. “Alright, hold on. We gotta put pants on.”

With one hand squeezing and grabbing at her crotch, Sage got to rifling through the laundry on the floor. Once she found her jeans, she hurriedly pulled them on, jerking her hips around to keep from leaking. She didn’t button them. “Come onnnn…!” she moaned, urgency pulsating furiously inside of her. The sheer amount of liquid that was being retained felt enough to make her pop. She lurched forward and buried her hands in her lap as her urethra nearly gave out, letting a couple of drops seep out into her already moist undies. “Fuckkk…”

“Okay, I’m ready. Let’s go,” Daisy led the way at a snail’s pace.

“Ohmygod, ohmygod…” Sage wriggled madly.

“You okay?” her friend laughed.

“No, I’m about to pee myself! Hurry up!” she hopped around and squeezed herself tightly.

“Button your pants, silly.”

Sage’s belly was bulging with liquid. She hesitated, then clasped her pants shut. The waistband squeezed her midsection mercilessly, causing her discomfort to skyrocket. The thinly stretched walls of her overfilled bladder were stretched even further. The intensity of her urge to urinate was extreme and unyielding, borderline unbearable. “Mmmph!” she groaned, zipping the zipper and squirming like a lunatic. A gentle trickle began to leak out as Daisy quietly opened the door. “Uhhh-“ she whined through clenched teeth, tears forming in her eyes and her movements becoming even more erratic.

“Shh!” Daisy told her. “We gotta walk past my roommates.”

“Daisyyy…” she strained her peehole, trying desperately to stem the stream. It fluctuated in strength, starting to spread to her butt and leak down her leg. She squeaked with an inhale, completely shocked at her inability to stop.

“Let’s go! What are you doing?”

“I think I’m-“ she started breathlessly, getting choked up by the humiliation. “I think I’m peeing my pants…!”

“Again?!” Daisy cupped her hands over her mouth in shock as a dark streak became visible down Sage’s pant leg. Yellow urine spilled out at the cuffs and started forming a puddle at her feet. Her whole bottom section was engulfed in the warmth of her liquid waste. Despite this, she continued to struggle to retain the rest, determined to minimize the damage and the embarrassment. It hurt so badly to do it, but shortly after her pants were completely soaked, she was able to clench her muscles enough to stop the flow. She still needed to pee really, really badly. Tears dripped off of her chin. Pee was everywhere.

“Oh my god, okay, let me go get something to clean up.”

Sage undid her pants and let them drop to her feet, giving her full, tortured organ room to expand. She started pacing nervously, urinary urgency keeping her antsy. Her pee dance was a kind of march, where she pressed her wet thighs together with every other step. A pang of urgency made her do a little hop, holding herself tightly and wincing. Her muscles were exhausted.

Daisy came back with some cleaning agents and a couple of towels, one for the floor and one for her friend. “I got this. Go take a shower, you nasty bitch.”

“No, I can get it!” her entire face was red as a tomato. She got on her knees and wiped up the puddle, sprayed the area, wriggled into her foot, bounced desperately, scooted back and forth…

“Do you still have to pee!?” Daisy asked incredulously as soon as she noticed. “Dude, go to the bathroom already before you pee on the floor again!”

“Will you come with me?”

“Yes! Let’s go!” Daisy grabbed a dirty pair of shorts from her laundry and tossed them to Sage. “I’ll grab you something else for after the shower, but these’ll work in the meantime.”

“Thanks,” she pulled them on. She hopped from foot to foot while Daisy opened the door and led her out.

“Shh! Dude!”

“Sorry, I’m sorry!” she held her crotch and danced on the spot. “It’s bad,” she whispered.

The moment the two entered the bathroom, Sage made a beeline for the toilet and exploded the moment her butt made contact. “Ahh-“ she sighed, resting her hand over her deflating bladder. The sound of hissing and splattering filled the room. She bit her lip and closed her eyes. The relief was euphoric.
