Any Requests for an Omorashi & omutsu fanfiction?

Author: Queen Sophie

*000*2016-09-08 23:15

Hey all!

I recently wrote a K-ON fanfic and was asked if I would ever consider writing more fanfictions, in particular I was asked if I would do a fanfic of a specific anime.

The one that was in question was Yuru Yuri, but before I went ahead to write something, I thought it'd be nice to get the opinions of the general community who would read it.

So, are there any Requests for fanfictions? Is Yuru Yuri a good idea? In which case, what character should I focus on? Should I do an entirely different anime altogether? You guys choose (and dont worry, if I find an idea I like which I dont pick, I'll most likely return to it in the future)

If you'd like to know what my writing style is like, go read my other fanfiction, I believe it's called "HTT: Mugi's accident" or something.

Let me know your opinions, and I'll be back with a new fanfiction in the near future!

Until then, Ja ne!

*007*2016-09-12 01:20

Sorry, I haven't replied to any of these comments, I haven't had much time recently to check up on social medias and messengers. I'd like to take this time to answer to some of the comments on this post.

First off, I'd like to thank everyone for replying, it's a great help to see what people want, and it makes me feel like im doing good for the community.

@writerforce6, I'm glad to hear that my plan for Yuru Yuri is well-recieved, but I'm a little worried now in case I can't deliver a good enough story. Feel free to leave suggestions in PM, I will happily reply, and all will be taken into consideration. This goes for anyone, any time.

Finzy and Bed Wetter Ice, I'm sorry to disappoint but those plans wont come into fruition, at least not any time soon. I'm not the most familiar with those series (or movies) as I haven't actually watched them. I'll see what happens in the future, but for now I'm leaving them.

Obey Wario, I'll look into it but I'm not too keen because there are a lot of princess peach fanfics already and chances are that most of them are better than whatever I can come up with. Maybe.

Jeffrey Mewtamer, I can work this out over PMs if you'd prefer, I'd imagine things would run smoother over that than in a forum, but if it helps, I'm mainly into moeblobs and "plot" anime... As bad as it sounds.

Finally, diokno44x and GaminDam, NICKELODEON IS NOT ANIME. Sorry to drive the point home, but regardless, I haven't seen it (and don't intend on seeing it) so that's basically a no.

Sorry to all who's ideas are turned down, but in order to write a good fanfic I want it to be something I'm familiar with. That's all for today, and I think I'm gonna go brainstorm ideas now.

