The Room of Desperation

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-07-21 06:06

I'm worried that this one is too lengthy with too little omorashi. The second part is going to have loads more, this one is more of like a backstory to be familiar with the situation and the character's personality. If you don't care about that, skip to the second part which will have more omorashi and will be uploaded soon. Sorry if there's errors, I didn't have time to edit.

A man is filled with excitement as the power turns on in his office. Finally, after months of saving, he has enough for his experiment to work. His assistant is a short, blond woman. She had a British accent.

"I have to congratulate you, Arthur," she says, looking around. "I didn't think you would actually go through with this.

"You thought those months of preparation were for nothing?" he says, sitting down in a chair facing an assortment of cameras. "I even told the University it was a Human Behavior experiment. Idiots!"

"I have to say though, Arthur, this is a bit out of my comfort zone."

"How so? We both share the same desires. And with this new technology we can enjoy it even more." He motioned towards a screen that showed four different bars, labelled "Bladder Contents." They were all very low.

"Well, of course it will be arousing, but outside of that. What we're doing to these girls... who knows how stressful it might become?"

"Before I temporarily erased their memories, they were completely on board. They volunteered for this, May. Plus, they're each getting paid ten thousand dollars after this is all done."

May pursed her lips. She had doubts about this, but her excitement forbade her from speaking against it. They were all so beautiful.

"They should wake up soon, I think," Arthur said, examining the screen intently. On the screen was a big almost empty room. It had white floors and white walls, four beds with white sheets, and a shelf filled with books, movies, a television, and crates filled with food and drink. There were a couple of couches and a table with four chairs. Asleep in the beds were four women.

One was pale and had red hair. She had freckles all over her body that weren't too noticeable except for on her face. Her name was Tori.

One was pale and had blond hair. She also had blue eyes, but no freckles. Her skin was completely clear except for a beauty mark on her cheek. She was Emily.

One was a brunette with brown eyes. Her hair flowed down like a waterfall. Her name was Connie.

One had brown hair that was nearly black. She also had brown eyes, but had curly hair. Her name was Megan.

Arthur and May watched as the girls began to toss and turn. They should wake up at any moment.

Megan began to open her eyes groggily. She sat up and rubbed her eyes. She looked around the room confused. Where am I? she thought as she looked at her unfamiliar surroundings.

Emily woke up next. She opened her eyes without sitting up and stared up at the ceiling. She couldn't gather her thoughts. She turned her head to the bed next to her, then looked down at her own body and gasped. She brought the blanket up to her neck.

The noise alerted Megan, who turned to Emily. She noticed her shocked face and looked down. She put her hand over her mouth and also brought the blanket up over her chest. She was naked!

They were all naked. Connie and Tori woke up soon after that and had similar reactions.

"Isn't it strange they all rushed to relieve their shame before investigating this strange, potentially hazardous situation they're in?" May told Arthur.

Arthur, who was watching the screen as intently as she, nodded and found himself in deep thought. "The society we live in puts our vanity before our health, I suppose."

"Or perhaps we made it too comfortable for them. This is a social experiment, after all." She glanced at the meter. It displayed one bar a little ahead of the others. Still relatively low, but just a bit past a mark labeled "THIS IS WHEN THEY'LL FEEL IT."

"Our poor Tori already needs a potty break."

"Hm, that's strange," Arthur mumbled, "very ahead of schedule. Nobody's supposed to have to go when the toilet arrives."

"When will the toilet arrive?"

"An hour, maybe. A little after I finish explaining."

"And when will you start explaining?"

Arthur sighed. "Now, I suppose." He pulled a microphone from a clip in front of him.

"Hello, Girls," he said over a loud speaker in the room. They all looked around startled. "I'm sure you're confused and scared right now, but don't worry. You're not in danger. You volunteered to be a part of a human behavioral experiment, where your memories have been temporarily erased. If you don't remember your name, please speak up at any time. You are being watched.

"Megan, Tori, Connie, and Emily. You will know each other very well by the end of this program. For now, I'm logging off, but I'll explain it further later on. Oh! Almost forgot. My name is Arthur. Goodbye for now."

The speaker went silent with a 'click.' The girls were all still quiet and nervous. No one said a word to each other. They all had their blankets shamefully covering nearly their entire bodies except for Connie, whose blanket was over her head. As a result of the memory eraser, none of them could think straight for a few hours.

Almost an hour passed before anyone even moved from their bed, and it was Tori, who badly needed a drink of water. She wrapped the blanket around herself and went over to the to the crate labelled "Water," took a jug and drank from it. The other girls watched her. Tori finished her drink and looked over at the others and sighed.

"Look, I can't remember anything either and this is weird, but we can't just stay in our beds for god knows how long!"

Nobody said anything, they just stared blankly at her. Tori's blanket was drooping down slightly, exposing just the top of her medium-sized breasts. She went back to her bed.

Emily needed water too. Her throat was dry and she was hot underneath the blanket. Her timid personality only went so far, though. She was the next one to leave her bed and get water. Then, she searched for clothes in the crates and shelves but found none. She went back to her bed and laid down.

Suddenly, a loud beep made them all nearly jump out of their skin. In the center of the room was a circular frame. A cylindrical toilet rose mechanically out of the ground, pushing this frame open. Arthur came back on the speakers.

"Hey girls, it's me, Arthur again. This is a toilet, the only bathroom you have available. Only one person is going to be allowed to use the bathroom for each time the toilet arrives. It will arrive at designated times, but they will seem randomized to you. It won't arrive at the same time twice. If a second person tries to use it, it will quickly fall back into the ground and get covered up. Don't worry about peeing yourself, it can be cleaned, but please try to retain it. Bye for now!" A click silenced the speakers.

The girls stared at the toilet. Their minds were still frazzled. Tori pieced things together quick. She noticed a very slight ache in her bladder.

"Well, if no one's going to use it, I will." She got up off of the bed with the comforter wrapped around her and went up to the toilet. Arthur flipped a switch. She sat down on it and released for only a few seconds. She neglected wiping.

"Emily, you didn't see any clothes over there, did you?"

Emily shook her head. Tori sighed. "This is going to be embarrassing, but I won't use a comforter as my clothes forever. And you all can't either." She almost dropped the blanket to the floor, but she completely grasped the situation when she saw all three of them staring at her. Her face went beet red, and she slowly let her blanket fall from her body. First, her medium-sized breasts were revealed, then her pussy. The others blushed.

Tori walked back over to her bed. When she sat down, Emily saw her ass and blushed further. She pulled her covers back over her naked body. Emily couldn't think about much yet, but she could never do what Tori just did. Just the thought of it made her embarrassed. She thought about what the other girls would think about her body if she did. She had very small boobs, and her ass wasn't big. A weird thing for a girl to be embarrassed about was her lack of pubic hair. Tori had a landing stripe, but Emily never grew anything down there. Would they think it was shaved? Would they think she was a whore?

The toilet fell down under the floor again and knocked her out of her thought. What would she do when she had to pee?

She would pee with the blanket over her body, and she would pee slowly so no one could hear.

Arthur felt tingly. He hadn't seen any of the girls naked yet, and he had a feeling Tori would be the first. He looked at another screen, this one of percentages. Emily's stress level was getting a bit high. She definitely seemed docile when she signed up for the 'experiment.'

May shook her head as she looked at it. "I still feel really bad about this, Arthur."

"Why? They signed up for it."

"We never told them about the toilet, or that they would be locked in a room. We definitely didn't tell them that they would be naked."

"It was all in the contract."

"That we knew they wouldn't read? They were all too concerned about the memory erasing procedure and reading about the risks of that, why would they read the contract?"

"They could have, May. They had the option to. When their memory comes back, they'll know it was their own fault for not reading the whole thing. This is a scientific experiment, after all."

"Oh, please. What experiment would that be? You told the University it was some sort of Lord of the Flies type thing, but it just plays into our fetish. It's twisted, Arthur."

"May, we have a chance to see four beautiful women naked, desperate for a toilet. And..." He stood, walked over to a cabinet, and pulled it open. A very shallow pool of liquid was in it. "This is Tori's cabinet. I flip a switch that makes the toilet release into one of these four cabinets. I forgot to tell you about this."

"It changes nothing," May said.

In the room, Connie laid in her bed with her hands behind her bed. She was all the way to the left. Tori was directly to her right, then Emily, then Megan.

"You know, Tori, you're right," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean eventually, we're going to have to get out of our beds and we aren't going to use this blanket as a cloak for the whole time. Who knows how long we're going to be in here?"

"Probably the guy over the speaker!" Megan said from across the room. Tori chuckled. "Arthur! How long are we in here?"

It grabbed his attention. He went back to the chair and sat down, watching the screens again. He didn't say anything through the speakers. They couldn't know that yet.

Megan sat up, holding the blanket under her chin, and tried brushing the knots out of her hair with her hands. Emily glanced at the side of her breasts and the tan line she got from bikinis. Megan had darker skin than Tori and Emily, about as tan as Connie. Megan had more meat on her bones than everyone else. Her ass was much bigger, as Emily could see in the shadow of her blanket. She wasn't covering herself very well, but didn't seem to mind.

"Dude, I'm fucking bored," Connie said after a few minutes of silence. "We should do something."

"Like what?" Megan asked, "nobody wants to be naked in front of everyone."

"Well, I'm not going to be laying in bed all day. I'm making a dress out of the blanket." Connie stood, holding the blanket up to conceal her body. Then, she twisted it around so it held up over her left shoulder and under her right, covering her whole body and dragging on the floor behind her.

"You're a genius." Megan said.

THIS IS WHERE THE OMORASHI STARTS

Few hours passed. Tori had made her own makeshift dress, and Megan fell asleep. Emily stayed in her bed. Connie and Tori were playing Jenga.

"Emily, you should come join us. Megan should too when she wakes up."

"I'm okay," were the first words Emily said since the experiment started. To tell the truth, her stomach hurt badly. She had been holding in a lot of farts for the past few hours. She really had to pee right now, too, and she was worried that she might have to do more than that soon.

Megan woke up and groggily looked down at Tori and Connie. Her bladder had woken her up. It wasn't too bad, yet, but it was noticeable. She stretched. "I'm about to join you guys. How did you make the dresses?"

"I am so tired of these dresses!" Connie said, "They're so hot and uncomfortable and hard to keep on. I'm seriously considering getting naked. I mean, Tori's already gotten naked, we might as well."

"I don't care," Megan said.

Connie sighed. She was nervous, but she let her blanket fall. Like Tori, she also had medium sized breasts and a decent sized ass. Her pubic hair was barely noticeable. Her nipples were smaller than Tori's, too. She scratched her butt and continued the game. Tori took her blanket dress off, too. She figured she may as well, and Megan figured the same thing. She got out of bed completely nude.

Megan wasn't skinny, but she also wasn't fat. She had bigger boobs and a bigger ass than everyone else, and had stretch marks. She didn't have a bush, but her pubic hair was black and noticeable. She sat down at the table the other two were at and made a comment about when the toilet was going to arrive.

Emily blushed. She looked at the other girls while pretending to be asleep, but was soon interrupted by a sharp pain. She was holding back another fart.

A loud beep filled the room and the toilet came up out of the ground once again. "Does anyone need to go?" Megan asked, about to get up, "I could but I can wait." The two shook their heads, and Megan started towards it.

"Wait," Emily said meekly. "I really have to go."

"Oh, alright," Megan said, disappointed.

Emily rose from her bed, wrapping her blanket around her body to conceal it. "Emily," Connie said, "why are you still wearing your dress? We're all nude."

"You saw us naked, it's only fair we see you," Tori said playfully. Emily didn't say anything, she just went over and sat on the toilet with the blanket draped over her body.

She felt herself needing to poop, but it wasn't ready. She urinated for about six seconds, pushing hard trying to release her bowels. The gas pains in her belly remained. She got up and waddled over to a crate and took a wad of toilet paper to wipe with. The toilet disappeared before she could dispose of it, so she hid it behind the shelf and made her way over to the table with the other girls. Her blanket was still wrapped around her. When she sat down, she suddenly felt it come. Her need that she wished came earlier.

An hour passed and it was getting to be bad. She was quiet, but not usually this quiet. She hasn't said a word in about forty-five minutes.

"You're really mousey, aren't you?" Tori asked, to which Emily shrugged. Tori laughed a little, which made her screw up the jenga tower she was building by herself. Megan leaned over to pick up a piece that fell by her while still staying seated, but was soon forced to sit back up when protests from her bladder became a bit painful. She had to pee about as bad as Emily needed to poop.

Another hour passed. Megan was desperate. She was tapping both of her feet and whimpering a little. She put her hand on her crotch occasionally.

"Are you alright?" Connie asked, mildly concerned.

"I really need to pee," Megan replied, holding back the pee that was almost forcing it's way out.

"I can see that," Tori said smirking. Meanwhile, Emily was suffering in silence. She held back another fart in pain.

A loud beep sounded and the toilet came up once again. "Oh, finally!" Megan sighed and rushed over.

"Wait!" Emily said, "I have to go. It's an emergency."

"You just went," Tori said, and Emily sunk back in her chair. Megan sat down on the toilet and peed. For about 30 seconds, she released a strong and steady stream of urine.

A couple hours passed. They were watching a movie in the couches. Emily was absolutely desperate at this point.

"I'm gonna get something to eat, I'm starving," Megan said. "I'll go too," Connie said, and the two went over to the crates to find some food. Emily made an involuntary noise in pain. Her face was red and sweating and she was taking short, rapid breaths. She felt like she might throw up.

"Emily, are you okay?" Tori asked. Emily shook her head. "My stomach..." was all she said. The heat from the blanket that was still wrapped around her didn't help either.

"Are you gonna be sick?"

Connie came back over. "What happened?"

"I really need the toilet..." Emily muttered, holding her stomach with her hand. 'She needs to shit,' Tori mouthed to Connie.

"Dude, it's that bad?" Connie asked. Her heart sunk. She felt bad for her, but Emily had already used the toilet and Connie hadn't had a turn all day. Her bladder was aching badly.

Against her will, a few long, silent farts forced their way out of Emily. It was coming, she could feel it. She groaned.

Suddenly, a loud beep sounded and the toilet came out of the floor. Emily threw her blanket off of her and sprinted to it, sitting down and immediately releasing her bowels into it. She sighed in relief as she finally emptied what had been hurting her for so long.

The other three felt awkward. No one wanted to watch her, but they couldn't give her the luxury of privacy. Emily also peed, which upset Connie's bladder.

Arthur stared at the bladder meter. "I didn't even know she had to shit," he said to May, "we didn't have a meter for that."

May also looked at the meter. "This was the last toilet break for the night, right?"

"Yeah."

She pointed to Connie's meter, which was a little under halfway. "How is Connie going to make it through the night?"

TO BE CONTINUED

*006*2017-07-22 03:00

{{20 hours ago, Ktpq said:

That was an amazing way to start this of I can't wait to read more

}}

{{13 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Omg this is excellent so far

}}

{{2 hours ago, randomrobot007 said:

Enjoying it so far keep up the good work

}}

Thank you! The second part is being finished up now. It will be up really soon.

*007*2017-07-22 03:02

{{5 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

This looks like it has potential, but it really needs some editing work: you're mixing past and present tense, for one.

}}

Yeah I never edited this one. Part 2 is going to be way neater

*011*2017-07-26 02:31

{{On 7/22/2017 at 2:29 AM, jacksmater said:

GOD DANG THIS IS AMAZING I CANT WAIT TO READ THE NEXT INSTALLMENT!!!

Keep up the good work.

}}

{{On 7/22/2017 at 11:39 AM, WiiGuy86 said:

Can't wait for the next chapter.

}}

{{On 7/22/2017 at 4:11 PM, pguy69 said:

I absolutely love this!! Great premise, I LOVE when one girl gets relief, but others have to wait! I can't wait to see where you're going with this!

}}

Thanks so much! So sorry for the wait, I've had a string of bad luck. My wifi was broken for a couple days, then when I got back on and tried to work on this story I saw I was logged out of my account. I got my username and password from my old phone, but my story had been erased on here.

Excuses excuses. Anyway, I wrote all of this today. Enjoy!

*012*2017-07-26 02:31

The Room of Desperation: Part 2

The toilet fell under the floor in front of Emily. She felt relieved, but utterly embarrassed. She had just voided her bowels in front of three girls and now stood naked in front of them as well. She was red as a tomato and the room was completely silent, bar the television. The fluorescent lights above her shut off, engulfing them all in darkness.

"Congratulations, girls! You went through your first day! Good night! Oh, and no electronics." The television cut to black. Everything was silent.

"I guess we go to bed now, then?" Megan asked, chewing an oatmeal bar. They could barely see five feet in front of them, but they all navigated themselves back to their beds. Connie lay in an almost fetal position with her hands between her legs. Her bladder ached terribly, but she managed to fall asleep. Emily laid awake for a while in embarrassment, but eventually fell asleep. Tori was out within minutes.

Megan, though she didn't remember it, was from the city and wasn't used to the silence of the room. The only noise she had to accompany her was the others occasionally shifting in their sleep. Megan sat up. She was definitely tired, but she just couldn't get to sleep. She looked over at Connie's bed. Her cute butt was sticking out of the covers. Tori's breasts were out in the open. She had one arm over her head and the other dangling off the bed. Megan stared until Tori rolled over.

Megan's insomnia was driving her crazy. Hours into the night she was still wide awake. She felt her bladder getting full, but that's what happens when you stay up all night. She sat back up and looked at the girls again. Tori's blanket had completely fallen off of her bed, and she was laying on her belly. Connie had her blanket over her head. She seemed to like sleeping like that.

Megan heard strange sounds coming from just outside the room. She strained her ears to hear what was going on. From where she was, even just rustling the blankets would silence it. She climbed out of bed and made her way to the other side of the room, putting her ear against the wall. It almost sounded like people working. She knocked on the wall, but nothing changed. She began to wonder where the room she was in really was as she laid back down in her bed.

A few hours later, the lights turned back on, making Megan jump out of her skin. She had stayed up all night.

"Good morning!" Arthur said over the intercom, "time to wake up! Or don't, if you don't mind the light. Second day in The Room."

"Oh jesus..." Megan mumbled annoyed, laying her arm over her face. Her eyes burned.

"Just a little courtesy, I'm gonna bring the toilet up right now. I really want you all to enjoy what I'm about to unveil here." The toilet rose out of the ground and reminded Megan of her need to pee. She looked over at the girls to see if anyone wanted to go before her. Tori angrily held her pillow over her face, Emily had her eyes closed, and Connie was still sleeping under the covers. Megan got out of her bed and emptied her bladder and a little from her bowels that she wasn't really aware of.

"Look," Arthur said, "Megan is using the toilet, but Connie's meter is way over Megan's. She didn't use it at all yesterday!"

"Well, what's she doing?" May asked, intrigued.

"Heavy sleeper, I guess." He paused for a moment in contemplation. "I want to see this, though." Arthur picked the microphone back up and spoke with a much louder voice, "I'm introducing a completely new room!"

Connie groggily opened her eyes. She didn't sleep well at all. The first thing she noticed, besides Arthur's obnoxious voice, was a bad pain in her bladder. She moved the blanket from her head and squinted in the light. She then noticed that she had leaked overnight. A lot. Her legs were wet and sticky, and so were her wrists and forearms from when she had shoved them between her legs. Despite this, she was still full and wanted nothing more than to relieve herself. She looked down at where the toilet usually came up and saw that it still remained underground. She groaned miserably.

"And without further ado, I'm introducing... a bathroom!" Connie sat up eagerly. The wall opposite of them opened like a garage door, revealing an extension to their room. It had tiled floors and tan walls, a Jacuzzi, shower heads lined up next to each other with no walls for privacy, and a sink. There was a crate under the sink labelled 'toiletries.'

"There is no toilet in this bathroom," Arthur said, "you'll still have to wait for the regular arrivals. Don't even think about peeing in the shower or the bathtub, there's a sensor that detects changes in the acidity of the water. This will result in punishment for everyone if someone is caught doing that," he said ominously. The girls looked at each other. "Anyway, enjoy yourselves in there. There are new sheets and blankets in the crate underneath your toiletries if you need them."

Although Connie was majorly disappointed at not being able to pee in the shower, she did need a change of sheets. She felt cold wetness under her butt. First, she needed to clean herself up.

All four girls made a beeline to this new addition to the room. Every step Connie took felt like knives in her bladder, though. She really needed to pee. She figured the toilet should come any minute, though, it being the morning and all. She wanted to wash the urine off of herself before doing anything else. The poor girl had done an excellent job at hiding her desperation so far, but the sound of the water turning on gave her a sudden and intense pain in her bladder she couldn't hide. She shoved her hands into her crotch and doubled over, filling her mouth with air to avoid crying out.

"Are you alright, man?" Megan asked with a toothbrush in her mouth.

"Yeah, I just really need to piss right now," Connie replied, straining her muscles, "when the toilet comes up, I call using it first."

Megan just nodded. She felt guilty now. Knowing it would be hours before the toilet arrived again, she felt it would be her fault if Connie had an accident.

The desperate girl stood under the water, crossing her legs and shaking. She washed her hair, then grabbed a bar of soap and began washing her body. She ran the bar over her bladder and doubled over again. She had a very noticeable bulge there, and the spot was too tender for touch. She moaned and washed other places.

Twenty minutes passed. Tori, Megan, and Emily were enjoying the Jacuzzi. It was big enough for Emily to sit alone while still together. Connie was reading a book at the table.

"Connie, come join us!" Tori called.

"I-I'm okay r-right here," she said back.

"Are you sure? We're about to start playing with the controls for this thing. I think it has bubbles."

"R-really, I'm f-fine..." Megan felt terrible when she saw this. She was obviously in pain.

"Megan, do some controls," said Tori, distracting Megan from her guilt. Connie sat alone, trying to distract herself from her dire need. The pain in her bladder was really intense, but she thought she might have experience with this feeling. In the clouded mystery that was her memory, she felt that there were always times in her life she desperately needed to pee. Maybe she had a job that forced her to hold it in, but she was crazy horny from it right now. Maybe it was some kind of fetish...?

A wave hit, making her cross her legs and bend forward. This sudden motion just added to her pain, making her wince.

"Oh! I found bubbles," Megan told Tori.

"I can make my own bubbles," she said back. She lifted her butt and farted, laughing at Emily and Megan's grimaces.

"Tori, that's absolutely disgusting," Megan said, laughing a little. Tori let her head fall back and made a face of discomfort. "Ugh, I think I might have to shit soon."

"When you do, let Connie go first, alright?" Tori nodded.

When the bubbles turned on, Connie's desire got even more intense. She was shaking again, squirming around in her chair. She rocked her hips in the chair, whimpering quietly. The amount of urine that was boiling inside of her was far too much, but in a strange way she was greatly enjoying it. She was really thirsty, too. She had barely drank anything these past two days and was rather dehydrated. She got up from her chair, much to her bladder's dismay, and made her way to the food crates. The poor girl picked up a water bottle, and after listening to the water get shaken around, began tearing up. She just wiped her eyes and drank, downing half the bottle before needing to stop and hold herself with both hands. She was doing a pee dance as her bladder throbbed painfully, and she rushed back over to her seat. She checked if the others had seen this embarrassing display, but they hadn't. She let out a sigh of relief, but it didn't last long. Her need to pee increased.

Arthur and May watched the screen intently. "Look how high her meter is," May said, pointing to a screen. Megan's bar was almost nothing, Tori's was a little under the 'feel it' mark, and Emily's a little over. Connie's was extremely high, almost to the edge of the screen. There was no limit point on there. If someone were to exceed the screen, Arthur and May would simply be able to scroll.

Connie bit her lip as her urethra began to burn. She continued to rock her hips as she sat on her foot and dug her heel into her crotch. She wished she could have a toss right there. She was so horny, and so desperately full, that she had an insane and humiliating idea and actually considered it. She put both of her hands on her crotch and rubbed, pretending that she was just holding herself. She didn't have to pretend long, though, because a wave hit causing her to lurch forward and let out a moan. It didn't take long for her to climax. She did her best to keep her eyes on the book in front of her, and not let them roll back in her head as she orgasmed. She did this a few times before her need to pee overcame her horniness. Masturbating definitely helped her desperation, but it only goes so far. Too much urine was pent up inside her, boiling in her screaming bladder, begging to escape.

After another forty-five minutes passed, Connie began sobbing. She did her best to hide it by laying her head on the table, but her whole body was shaking. Her mind was racing, thinking of ways she could pee. She had leaked a lot into her chair and was sitting in a puddle of her own urine. She began questioning Arthur's honestly about the showers. What kind of machine would detect pee in the water? What if they were just really sweaty? He would never know. She looked up. Only Tori remained in the Jacuzzi because she fell asleep. Connie jumped when she felt someone touch her shoulder, causing her bladder to jolt. She felt the liquid sloshing around inside of her as she shuddered. It was Megan.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"I-I'm just g-gonna... pee in t-the shower... o-over there..."

Megan nodded. "Do it."

Connie stood, but a stab in her bladder made her legs give out. She fell back in her chair, splashing the pee everywhere. She stood up again, and took small, painful steps to the showers. She turned them on with a shaky hand. Right there, she just gave out. She fell to her knees as the pee exploded out of her. Her urine stream was intense, shooting out of her and splattering on the ground with the rest of the shower water. A loud alarm went off overhead, nothing like the toilet one. It was loud and blaring. Tori jolted awake. Connie continued peeing for almost two minutes before her stream died down.

"Connie!" Arthur scolded over the speaker, "I warned you against peeing in the shower! You'll all have to be punished now." Connie didn't care about what he had to say. She felt so incredibly relieved. The shower cut off.

"The bathroom will be closed for a LONG time. Also, the next arrival of the toilet will NOT be today. You'll all have to hold it for the remainder of the day, and then a long time tomorrow."

Megan and Emily looked at each other, worried. They'd all drank so much today. How would they last the rest of today? Emily gasped as a pang in her bladder told her she wouldn't.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*014*2017-07-26 03:28

The Room of Desperation: Part 2.5

This is just the same chapter, but it follows Arthur and May. Just something to introduce their personalities.

...Connie bit her lip as her urethra began to burn. She continued to rock her hips as she sat on her foot and dug her heel into her crotch. She wished she could have a toss right there. She was so horny, and so desperately full, that she had an insane and humiliating idea and actually considered it. She put both of her hands on her crotch and rubbed, pretending that she was just holding herself. She didn't have to pretend long, though, because a wave hit causing her to lurch forward and let out a moan. It didn't take long for her to climax. She did her best to keep her eyes on the book in front of her, and not let them roll back in her head as she orgasmed.

Arthur and May were watching the screen with undivided attention. Arthur's dick was rock-hard, and May was soaking wet. They had both decided to do a hold while they watched Connie.

"You see what she's doing, don't you?" May said.

"What do you mean?" asked Arthur.

"Oh, you're so oblivious," she said, leaning over and putting her hand on his crotch. He exhaled quickly as his mouth curled into a smile. He tore his eyes away from desperate Connie and looked into May's green eyes. She leaned forward to under his pants, but her slacks dug into her bladder. It pulsed badly, but she could hide her desperation. She had experience, much more than Arthur had. His legs were shaking from his overfilled bladder. May wrapped her hand around his throbbing cock, and he let out a couple of accidental drops of urine. His bladder ached. He didn't have to go worse than May did, in fact May had much more urine in her than he did, but he rarely held his pee. His legs shook from a combination of desperation and horniness.

May stroked his dick and moved her hand up to his bladder. She lifted his shirt up and moved her hand over his bladder. She felt it disappointingly. "You don't even have a bulge yet," she pushed down hard on it, causing him to jump and push her hand away.

"O-o-okay, I can't hold it, I need the bathroom."

May looked at him incredulously. "Are you serious? You'll force all these girls to hold it but you can't even do it? I've been needing a wee hours longer than you, even!"

"I've never done this before, I'm sorry," he said, covering up his manhood and doing a pee dance. He really had to go. It was an emergency to someone as inexperienced as him, and May knew it, but was frustrated nonetheless. Her own bladder was in pain now that she wasn't very horny, but she didn't want to let all this pee go to waste. She touched herself through her pants to get back in the mood.

In the Room, Connie found that masturbating definitely helped her desperation, but it only goes so far. Too much urine was pent up inside her, boiling in her screaming bladder, begging to escape. After another forty-five minutes passed, Connie began sobbing. She did her best to hide it by laying her head on the table, but her whole body was shaking. Her mind was racing, thinking of ways she could pee. She had leaked a lot into her chair and was sitting in a puddle of her own urine. She began questioning Arthur's honestly about the showers. What kind of machine would detect pee in the water? What if they were just really sweaty? He would never know.

Arthur came out of the restroom. He sat back down in his chair and put his hand on May's shoulder, who stopped touching herself as soon as she heard him come back.

"May, I'm sorry, but I couldn't hold it. We can still have fun tonight." His hand wandered down to her shirt button, but it was pushed away. She stood up, but her bladder protested against the sudden movement.

"You're ridiculous, Arthur," she said, and stormed into the bathroom. She had more to say, but it took all she could not to do a pee dance and hold herself. In the bathroom, she didn't pee. She stripped her clothes off put her hand on her womanhood, focusing on her bladder that felt like it was about to explode. Arthur left his seat and put his ear to the door. He could watch beautiful women desperate to pee on the screen, but it's different when it's someone you love.

Connie looked up from the table. Only Tori remained in the Jacuzzi because she fell asleep. Connie jumped when she felt someone touch her shoulder, causing her bladder to jolt. She felt the liquid sloshing around inside of her as she shuddered. It was Megan.

"Are you okay?" she asked.

"I-I'm just g-gonna... pee in t-the shower... o-over there..."

Megan nodded. "Do it."

Connie stood, but a stab in her bladder made her legs give out. She fell back in her chair, splashing the pee everywhere. She stood up again, and took small, painful steps to the showers. She turned them on with a shaky hand. Right there, she just gave out. She fell to her knees as the pee exploded out of her. Her urine stream was intense, shooting out of her and splattering on the ground with the rest of the shower water.

Arthur listened intently, but heard no peeing. He figured out what she was doing and got angry at himself. Why couldn't had just held on a little longer? A beep sounded on the computer screen. He looked over at the screen, where he saw Connie doubled over, peeing in the shower. He stormed over to the screen and snatched the microphone out of the holder.

"Connie!" Arthur scolded over the speaker, "I warned you against peeing in the shower! You'll all have to be punished now. The bathroom will be closed for a LONG time. Also, the next arrival of the toilet will NOT be today. You'll all have to hold it for the remainder of the day, and then a long time tomorrow." The original punishment was to cancel the next arrival of the toilet and close the bathroom, but he wasn't in a good mood. He glanced at the meter. All of the girls showed that they had to pee, even Connie didn't empty her bladder completely. He sat down and watched the screen, eager to see this scenario unfurl. He would get the release he wanted one way or another.

TO BE CONTINUED.

*019*2017-09-28 04:43

I'm really sorry about the delay. I had an injury that took away from my writing for a while, but I have no excuse for the past month and a half. Anyway, I don't want to delay it any further, so officially, here is the next installment of...

The Room of Desperation: Part 3

Arthur stared blankly at the screen. The past couple of days had been dreadfully boring. Shortly after banning the toilet for over a day, he received an assortment of pleads, begs, and mean complaints from the girls. He agreed to leave the toilet out all the time so they could use it whenever they chose as an apology. 'Some of May's empathy must have rubbed off on me,' he thought, chuckling to himself. The only worthwhile thing that came out of the recent times was a copious amount of urine that was built up in his tanks.

There was a few more hours left in the day, but Arthur's patience and empathy were growing thin. He was tired of watching four girls go about their lives completely normally, and the thrill of their naked bodies had left him. He flipped a switch and the toilet retreated underground.

"Sorry, the University won't allow me to keep it up anymore, girls," he lied through the microphone politely, to which he got no response. The four were still chatting amongst themselves as if he had said nothing. Clearly they were angry with him to some extent, but he could care less. He didn't begin this "experiment" to be liked.

A noise from behind startled him. He turned and saw May coming in. She wore a grey pantsuit and dress shoes that clacked loudly on the floor.

"How goes the experiment?" she asked, pulling up a chair.

"The toilet's been taken out again," said Arthur, pretending to scrutinize something on the screen. May sighed, then came over and sat on his lap, diverting his attention. "Let's not fight. I miss you." They kissed. Arthur pulled her closer, but she suddenly tensed.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"I need to piss fucking bad." Arthur smiled, and embraced her completely.

. . .

"How long do you think we'll be in here?" Connie asked nonchalantly, but it was laced with a bit of anxiety.

"I've got no idea," Megan said, tying back her hair. Emily eyed Megan's breasts for only a moment, then quickly diverted her eyes when she looked in her direction.

"Arthur probably knows," Emily said, but got no response. "Uno," she added meekly. Tori threw down her cards. "It wouldn't be so bad if there was more to fucking do," she said angrily, "all we do is sit around. I wanna do something fun." She suddenly had the need to pass gas, but she felt that it would probably take the seriousness away from her mini-rant. "I want to go to the beach or something. He can't legally force us to stay in here, can he?"

"Would you really want to?" Connie asked.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, we can't remember anything about our lives right now. They've got to know how to give it back, and we aren't going to be here forever. I don't know if I would want to just be released into the world without any idea who I am, or where to go." The others nodded in agreement.

"I think I might be a vet, maybe," Connie said, focusing on her shrouded memories, trying to find some sort of familiarity.

"I think I'm still a student," Emily told them, doing the same.

"Me too! Somewhere in college, probably," Megan said enthusiastically. Emily smiled a little.

"I think I'mmmmmmm...." Tori squinted, puzzled. "I think I'm a stripper." The girls laughed.

"Who knows? Whatever we are, all we know is right now, we're in this place with each other," said Connie.

"Hear hear," Tori agreed.

. . .

May felt a euphoric rush of relief as she loosened her belt. She'd pulled it particularly tight this morning to thoroughly enjoy her need to pee. She didn't use the restroom when she woke up that morning, anticipating 'making up' with Arthur. She'd almost forgotten how difficult it was to hold it in the mornings when getting ready for the day. She laughed a little at a funny memory around an hour before, when she was doing a rather embarrassing pee-dance in her underwear while she brushed her teeth.

Arthur felt his pockets. "They're in the car," he said, meaning condoms, and hurriedly left the building. May took this opportunity to release something she knew Arthur wouldn't like very much. She'd been holding it along with her urine for quite some time. She felt it inside her, but it didn't feel as ready to come out as it did before. She pushed hard for a few seconds, but her bladder contracted, forcing her to bend at the knees a little. May was a master at holding, though, and could hold this huge amount of liquid with sheer willpower. She knew that this power will soon fail as she filled, though, so she resumed pushing while she still could, until a loud airy squeak escaped her bottom. This caused another contraction inside her, and she did a three-second long dance-step. She sat down in the chair as she waiting for Arthur.

A few minutes past, and she decided to attempt something Arthur would never let her do out of worry and consideration, but she didn't think it could do much damage. She felt her hard abdomen as she braced herself. She brought one hand up and struck herself in the bladder. It made her double over and need to pee much more, but mostly it hurt. She regretted it for about thirty seconds, but then she wanted to do it again. She struck herself even harder this time, then again, then again. It tripled her need to go. She was fidgeting in the chair now, holding herself and whimpering. To tell the truth, she was embellishing her movements a little, but her need was certainly intense.

It took Arthur another ten minutes to return. He entered the room and was immediately embraced by May, who could care less about the way it jostled her bladder. She liked this new roughness about it. She took Arthur by the hand, letting the condom slip through his fingers. "Forget it," she said, smiling.

...

Megan's whole face was red. Though it didn't appear as though anyone had noticed her predicament, it certainly felt like it. If it didn't already happen, it was going to very soon. She did her best to hide her breasts with her arms, but it wasn't very effective. Truth be told, she was unbelievably horny. She hadn't masturbated since before she woke up in the room. Her itching, burning desire was causing her nipples to become erect. She wasn't sure how noticeable it really was, but she didn't want to take any chances.

Excusing herself from the table where everyone was talking, she went over to her bed and got the sheet. She wrapped it around her body under her arms like she just got out of the shower and sat back down. Answering a questioning glance from Tori, she said "it's cold."

She just wanted to feel something, anything, down there. For the first time since she woke up, she truly felt like she had no privacy. The shame of being in the nude in front of people passes with time after you've also seen them naked already, but this naughty desire she can't shake was too embarrassing for her to share. She discreetly touched her hand to her nether regions, and she felt a bit of wetness. Maybe a bit more than a bit. All she knew was she needed to scratch this itch.

The lights suddenly shut off above them with no warning. There was a moment of silence, which Tori broke.

"Where's that dude and his weird 'goodnight?'" she asked. Megan shrugged.

"Guess it's time to sleep," Connie said absent mindlessly. Megan was relieved they were heading to bed, she badly wanted an opportunity to have a toss. She climbed in bed, but she had to wait for what seemed like forever for the others to stop tossing and turning. She closed her eyes as tiredness began to set in. She was just going to rest her eyes for a moment so she can visualize something, some kind of sexy scenario...

She was interrupted by what sounded like muffled crying. Megan looked over at the dark figure of Emily facing the wall with her face buried in her hands.

"Emily?" she asked as quietly as she could, and the crying abruptly ceased. "Are you alright?"

"I'm fine," Emily said back, wiping the tears from her face.

"It doesn't seem like it..."

Emily sighed. "I just... I just don't like this. I don't like where we are, how we can't wear anything, how we can't even use the restroom when we need to... There's absolutely no privacy here. Worst of all, I can't even remember anything outside of this place."

"It can't last forever," Megan assured her, "that guy said it's only for like a week I think, right?"

"I guess. I just don't like this. I also don't like how we're being watched. I don't know what kind of sick experiment this is, but I definitely would NOT have signed up to be in it. This is awful." Megan sat on the bed next to Emma and put her arm around her as she struggled to think of a way she could be consoled. In the darkness, she saw Emily's eyes seemed to glimmer all on their own as she looked back at her. Moments passed. Then, suddenly, without thinking too much, she made a spur-of-the-moment decision she would never do if she took a minute to think. Megan leaned in and kissed Emily on the lips.

They didn't know what they felt. Megan was struggling to figure out a next move, while Emily was just wildly nervous. They got closer, their lips locked together. After a long time, Megan noticed her strong desire once again. She slowly moved her hand from Emily's shoulder, lower and lower, until she found her fingers in between Emily's legs. She gasped and backed away. "What are we doing?"

"I don't have a clue," Megan said, and kissed her again. She brought her hand to Emily's girlhood. She gasped again. Megan's hands were rather cold, but mostly she felt something completely unfamiliar. She'd felt sexual pleasure before, but never from someone else's touch. Megan's other hand was on Emily's breast. Emily hesitantly brought her hand to Megan's pussy, making the same movements she was doing to her. Their breathing quickened, and their hearts were beating like crazy. Emily let out a soft moan, but soon stifled the urge. She thanked God the other two were such heavy sleepers.

"With you---there..." Emily stuttered.

"Ssh," Megan told her, kissing her way down Emily's body.

"I can't-- Megan... Oh..."

"Sssshh,"

Emily bit her tongue trying to stay quiet. Her whole body shivered when Megan's lips met her girlhood. The way she moved her tongue and her fingers was the best thing Emily's ever felt. She clutched the sides of the bed. She wanted to moan so badly. Did she need to pee? She couldn't tell. She felt euphoric all throughout her body. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she bit her lip to stay as silent as possible. Emily climaxed more than once. So did Megan, but by her own accord.

Megan brought herself back up next to Emily again and closed her eyes. She soon fell asleep. Emily was awake for a little while, processing what had just happened. She touched her pussy with her hand and felt a lot of wetness. She rose from the bed and dried herself with some toilet paper from one of the crates. She put her hand to her abdomen. She definitely needed to pee. She glanced over to where the toilet used to be, but there was no relief to be found yet. She went back to the beds and saw Megan asleep in hers. Emily contemplated if she should sleep in the empty bed or next to her new partner. Was Megan her partner? The poor girl was so confused.

She sat down in the empty bed. Thinking about all the things that happened that night, she ultimately decided to crawl into the bed next to Megan and put her arm around her. She soon fell asleep.

*022*2017-09-28 22:57

Because of my long delay on this, I'll be trying to post a lot more. Here's the next installment of...

The Room of Desperation: Part 4

"Mmm!" May moaned, as her bladder once again loudly announced it's discomfort. It made it worse and better with Arthur there on top of her. Her bladder was bursting, and Arthur was beginning to make things a bit rougher. She wrapped her legs around him as he thrusted faster and faster. Her bladder was being jostled, the liquid inside sloshing around. It felt like it was pressing up against her other organs, forcing them to make room for it's expansion. She wanted to continue to hold it for a long, long time, but based on Arthur's nervous movements, she thought he was about to cum soon.

"Don't come," she told him, and he focused with his eyes closed. With him inside her, it made it infinitely easier to hold it in. The pain was far worse, but there were very little leaks or spurts.

"I'm coming, I'm coming," he said.

"Don't," May managed to say, as his pace increased and her bladder was shaken up. He let out a long sigh and she felt him come, so she tightened her legs around him. "At least stay inside me," she said, panting hard, "I really need to pi-iss. It hurts so badly, oh god, I can't stand it! Fuck me, keep fucking me!" Arthur shut his eyes and resumed.

"Push it..." she said. "push on it," she guided his hand over her bloated belly. "Push on it, push hard." He did what he was told, first a bit soft, then a lot harder. May moaned loudly, biting her lip and digging her nails into Arthur's back. He'd never seen her like this before. He was astounded by the level of pleasure she was getting from it. He pushed even harder, and her legs began to shake. He pushed with his body weight, and May near screamed. He quickly retracted his hands, nervous about her state.

"No, keep going, do it... do it harder, please..." she mumbled, as she almost climaxed again. "oh, dear god, I need to go... I need it... oww-owwww... hurtsssss..."

Arthur was fighting between his intense lust for this, and his fear that May would hurt herself. He felt her severely distended bladder with his fingertips and pushed a little bit. There was little reaction. He pushed much harder, and May lurched forward, holding her stomach. "Oh-ho! Goddd..." Arthur quickly retracted his hands from her bladder and pulled out. Piss immediately exploded out of May, powerfully hitting Arthur and soaking everything near it. May clamped both hands on her womanhood, piss streaming and spraying around her hand and quickly pooling around her butt. "Put it back in! Oh-ohh... Arthur..." Something about the way she spoke made Arthur change his decision. He went back to May, thrusting a bit less rough and a bit more passionately. Urine was spraying out of May around his dick. He went deeper, but it still found it's way out a little. Eventually, it stopped, but they were both surrounded by May's pee.

Arthur pushed on May's belly again, this time harder than ever. May almost screamed. Tears began streaming down her face. "Owww-owww, ow, ohhh goddd...." He quickly pulled out, scared for May's health. She once again exploded, peeing with insane power. She moaned all through the stream, the hissing almost as loud as her voice. Her stream died down to a steady leak. She sat up, still leaking. "Oh my god I've never felt like that before," she put one hand on her bladder, which was still emptying. She pushed, and the stream strengthened to a hiss again. "I love it," she laughed as she finally finished peeing. She leaned back on her hands, feeling like a new person.

...

Emily woke because of a loud beeping coming from the center of the room. She'd slept through the fluorescent lights being turned on because of her lack of sleep the night before. She looked up at a sleeping Megan and smiled a little. She wanted to lay there for a little while longer with her, but her bladder felt like a bowling ball inside her tummy. It pulsed badly and her knees shook a little bit as she carefully slid out from underneath Megan's arm, and when she stood it got a little worse. She walked briskly over to the toilet and let out a long, hissing piss. She let out a sigh once she finished. Megan turned over on her side in a rather uninviting position, so Emily just fixed herself breakfast.

Tori woke up next. It was her bladder that brought her out of sleep. It was a less dire than Emily's need was, but a little urgent nonetheless. She got out of bed, realized the toilet wasn't there anymore, then disappointingly crawled back into bed. Though she really needed to pee, she drifted back into slumber.

Connie woke up. She shuffled tiredly over to the food crate, got out a variety of snacks, and brought it over to the couch where Emily was sitting. Emily wanted to tell someone about last night so bad, but she didn't know how Megan would feel about it. Connie would be her number one choice to tell because her personality was much quieter than Tori's, but she would still have to consult Megan.

A little while later, Megan woke up. She groggily crawled out of bed and went over to the food crate. Emily smiled at her, but it appeared as though Megan didn't see her. She got a pop-tart packet and sat down on the far side of the couch. "I took that toilet for granted when it was here," Megan grumbled. Connie laughed, "yeah, same. I gotta pee." Neither of their needs were very bad, more of a dull ache than an urgent need.

Disappointingly for Emily, the day was being rather normal. It was just like all of the other days. She was hoping she'd have a little more of a connection with Megan, but she acted as though nothing happened. Two hours had passed and they barely even spoke to each other.

Connie was now fanning her legs and Megan was sitting on her heel. They both needed to pee a lot worse than before.

Tori crawled out of bed with a sour look on her face. Her right hand was over her belly. She needed to urinate far worse than the others, but it wasn't her normal urge that forced her to dance around, it was more of a strong discomfort. She could definitely hold it, but it was painful.

Walking hurt, but she figured she should make her way to the others. She shuffled to the couch and leaned on the back with her hands, marching very slow. Bending her legs added a little extra pressure to her bladder, so it was kept to a very small dance.

"Morning, Tori," Connie greeted.

"Morning..." Tori mumbled. She took a deep breath.

"You alright?"

"I just really need to pee. It's so bad," She nervously laughed and let her head drop back. She put her hands over her stomach and groaned. The girls had grown accustomed to this outward display of desperation, especially from Tori, because they'd all been through it so many times before.

It was almost a half hour before the sound of beeping filled the room again. Tori had made her way to the couch, sitting as still as she could. When it sounded, she jumped, adding harsh pains to her bladder. She groaned as the bloated mass of urine sloshed around, complaining about her standing. Shuffling even slower than before, she cupped her womanhood with both hands and sat down on the toilet. She let go, but nothing came. The urine inside of her was fighting to be released, but apparently her body wouldn't allow it.

She put a little bit of pressure on her bladder with both of her hands. She felt the bulge protruding out of her belly like a water balloon. She pushed a bit harder, and she began to leak. It dripped out of her for a minute, then grew to a hissing stream that felt really good.

The toilet returned again a few hours later, this time Connie went. The poor girl had been jumping up and down for ages. Megan was feeling the same way, but she was a bit more discreet about it. Connie sat down on the toilet and burst. She laughed from how good it felt. The sound made Megan twitch her feet. She put her hands on her thighs. Her bladder strongly pulsed. She'd refrained from holding herself up until this point as a test of willpower, (she wanted to train for when her bathroom breaks became few and far between). She'd ball her hands into fists and clench them at her sides, dancing in spot. Sometimes she'd push on the chair right in front of her crotch, but not directly on her crotch. The introduction of this sound coming from Connie was where she drew the line, though. She grabbed her pussy and rocked her hips.

Another beep sounded, one they'd never heard before. It was higher and faster. The wall opened up like garage doors, revealing the bathroom that held showers, and a Jacuzzi. Tori and Connie eagerly went in. Megan went to her bed, where she lay down to take a nap. 'I'll wake up when the toilet comes,' she thought, holding herself. 'If I don't wet the bed.'

Megan didn't know how long she'd been asleep, but she was woken up by Emily. She shook her gently by the shoulder. "Megan, wake up," she said. The sleeping girl grimaced. Her need to pee was far worse now, and she direly needed a toilet.

"Listen..." Emily said, "shouldn't we talk about... you know..."

Megan sat up, her hands shoved in her crotch and her hips rocking. Emily pretended not to notice.

"What do you mean?" Megan feigned stupidity. She had an obviously worried look on her face. She felt like she was going to burst any second!

"Last night!" Emily said incredulously, "what are we? Dating, was that a one time thing, what is it?"

Megan's bladder pulsed intensely. "I--um..." she struggled to find words. Honestly, she didn't like thinking about these things. They sort of scared her. Plus, this isn't the best time for her to be making a decision. "What do you want to b-be?" she asked.

"I--ugh, I don't know... I-- uhm.. I like you and all, but I don't know what to do here."

The desperate girl almost let out a spurt, but she regained control. Her nervous movements slowly died down, until she was only fidgeting a little.

"I guess..." Emily continued, "I maybe want to go somewhere with this?"

Megan nodded, She was as still as she was going to get. "Okay... Let's do it then." This was the worst possible conversation to be rushing along, but Megan really needed to go. She needed to focus on containing her liquid until the toilet arrives and she can release it.

Emily didn't seem to care that Megan rushed the conversation. Maybe she didn't notice. They kissed, then Emily went about her business in the bathroom, seeming very happy. The toilet didn't come until about ten minutes after that. During that time, Megan tossed and turned in the bed, both hands clutching her crotch tight. She felt like she was going to burst any second. When the beep sounded, it was like music to her ears. She leapt out of bed, (which was a pretty bad move on her part. She immediately spurted). She ran to the toilet, leaking all the way, then pissed for what seemed like hours. A long, hard, hissing urine stream that pattered in the bowl like rain on pavement. "So good..." she muttered to herself. She glanced over at the bathroom, where Emily, Connie, and Tori were all talking. She noticed that Emily didn't seem as quiet as she did before and smiled. Maybe this would go somewhere.

