Tony's desperation on his first day in the office

Author: Quasar

*000*2025-01-06 16:09

Tony nervously rubbed the sleeve of his sweater, sitting in an important meeting in his new office. It was his first day at work in the big company he had dreamed of for so long. But right now all his thoughts were focused on one agonizing problem - he urgently needed to go to the bathroom.

The discomfort started back on the subway on his way to work. He drank a large glass of coffee at home and a bottle of water to cope with his morning excitement. Now that habit was playing tricks on him.

Every minute was turning into torture. He fidgeted in his chair, trying to find a position that would bring some relief. Drops of sweat appeared on his forehead, and he kept his legs tightly clenched. Tony could feel every muscle in his lower abdomen throbbing, begging for release.

“Should I get up and get out?” - he thought, but the fear of appearing impolite or drawing attention to himself paralyzed him. He was a rookie, and interrupting his boss's important presentation just seemed unthinkable. Besides, he didn't even know where the restroom was in this huge office building.

The presentation seemed to last forever. The boss's words turned into an unintelligible hum - Tony could only think about his problem. He tried to distract himself by drawing circles in his notebook and counting the seconds until the end of the meeting. His stomach clenched painfully, and his bladder seemed ready to explode.

Cold sweat ran down his back and his hands were shaking. He felt like he had when he was a kid, when he'd been embarrassed to raise his hand at school and ask to go outside. But now the situation seemed a hundred times worse - he was a grown man, how could he be so helpless?

Finally, the presentation was over. Tony jumped up first, but immediately realized that the sudden movement was a mistake. He froze, trying to maintain control over his body. When his colleagues began to disperse, he carefully headed for the exit, trying to walk as naturally as possible, although each step was difficult.

The hallway was a maze. Should I ask someone? No, too embarrassing. He wandered around the floor, peering around every corner, feeling time slipping through his fingers along with what was left of his composure. His legs shook, and only one thought pounded in his head.

“Tony, there you are!” - came a loud voice from behind him. It was Marina from HR, who had interviewed him a week ago. “How was your first day? Let me tell you about our corporate traditions!”

Tony felt cold sweat running down his back. Every second of the conversation was torture. He shifted from foot to foot, trying to concentrate on Marina's words, but everything he heard merged into an unintelligible hum. His bladder throbbed with such force that it felt like it was the only part of his body that existed.

“Yeah, yeah, sure,” he mumbled back, not realizing what he was agreeing to. His gaze darted frantically around the hallway, searching for the saving sign. A sudden spasm made him crouch, and he barely held back a groan. “I'm sorry, I... I need to...” - But Marina was already talking about corporate events for the next month.

Finally, after an agonizing five minutes of conversation that seemed like an eternity, he saw a restroom sign at the end of another hallway. Almost without apologizing, he hurried there, feeling every step recoil in pain throughout his body.

But fate was preparing him for another challenge. A line of five people lined up at the bathroom door. Tony felt the ground go out from under his feet. His heart seemed to stop for a second, and then beat with triple force. Every beat of his pulse echoed in his bladder, which seemed about to explode.

“Not again, please, not again,” he whispered to himself, nestling himself at the end of the line. Sweat was rolling down his temples, his T-shirt was already soaking wet underneath his shirt. He tried not to look at the restroom door, but his gaze returned there again and again, as if hypnotized.

The people in line were chatting casually, discussing the meeting that had taken place. Someone laughed at a joke. Tony barely restrained a groan of despair. How can they be so calm? Couldn't anyone see the state he was in? He was constantly shifting from foot to foot, clenching and unclenching his fists. Each movement was met with a new wave of spasms.

The man in front pulled out his cell phone and started flipping through the news feed. Tony watched his measured finger movements across the screen like torture. Up, down, up, down ... Each gesture measured the seconds of his agony. Suddenly, someone at the end of the hall turned on a faucet, and the sound of water pouring almost drove him to hysterics.

The queue moved forward by one person. Tony took a small step forward, afraid to make any sudden movements. His knees were tightly clenched and his back was bent, as if he was trying to physically keep control of his body. Each breath was labored, and he breathed shallowly and frequently, like a hunted animal.

“Excuse me, is this going to take long?” - he squeaked, addressing the colleague standing in front of him. His voice trembled and trailed off. The answer was the worst possible, “Yeah there seems to be someone stuck in there with a phone...”

A new wave of panic swept over him. Tony closed his eyes, trying to distract himself, to think of something else. The desert. Dry, hot sand. No, no, not that! The North Pole. Ice. Frozen ice. Hard, cold. God, it's worse!

Suddenly the restroom door opened and a man stepped out of there. The sound of the door opening made Tony's bladder constrict convulsively. He bit his lip, holding back a groan. The line advanced again. Now there were only three people left in front of him, but every second of waiting was turning into an eternity.

His body began to work against him. The short spasms became more frequent and stronger. He could feel the cold sweat running down his back, his knees trembling, every muscle in his lower abdomen throbbing. Tony tried to breathe slowly and deeply, but each inhalation gave off a new wave of pressure.

The man in front of him began tapping his foot on the floor. The rhythmic sound was maddening, echoing in my head and seeming to synchronize with the throbbing in my bladder. Knock, knock, knock... Tony was ready to scream, begging him to stop.

Another man stepped out. Another stepped forward. Now he was second in line, but it didn't make it any easier. On the contrary, the proximity to the target made the wait even more unbearable. His fingers dug into his palms with such force that they would surely leave marks. He tried to shift from foot to foot imperceptibly, but his movements became more and more desperate and noticeable.

The last minutes of waiting had become a nightmare. Each second stretched into infinity. He could no longer stand still, his body shuddering with barely restrained spasms. For a moment it seemed to him that he just couldn't stand, that his body would betray him right here in the hallway, in front of all these people...

When the door finally opened and the last person came out, Tony almost ran inside. His hands were shaking so badly that he could barely close the latch. Every second of delay was torture. His whole body shook from the tension built up during those endless hours of waiting.

Finally, the long-awaited relief came. A wave of euphoria washed over him. The tension that had been gripping his entire body for the past two hours began to recede. He felt his cramped muscles relaxing, his stomach cramping, his temples ceasing to pound. His body felt blissfully warm, as if he were soaking in a hot bath after a long winter's day.

Tony leaned his forehead against the cool wall of the stall, feeling the last vestiges of stress and panic leave him. His legs were still trembling, but now with relief. His breathing gradually evened out, returning to a normal rhythm. He had never realized that simple physiological relief could bring such an all-consuming sense of happiness.

After leaving the stall, he washed his face with cold water for a long time, looking at his reflection in the mirror. His face was still red and his shirt was still drenched with sweat, but there was already a glint of relief and even a strange amusement in his eyes. The situation, however agonizing, now seemed almost comical.

