Dany and Evan Part One: Desperate Dany

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-07-13 04:56

If you're reading this, you've definitely seen the "Part One" part of the title. I'm gonna try to make sequels to this and build a full chronological story on here. How often I post it will be based on how much people enjoy it. Sorry if there's extra mistakes, I didn't have time to edit. Tell me what you think of it please! Enjoy

Dany and Evan

Dany awoke eagerly in the early hours of the morning. She silenced her alarm and leapt out of bed. She was excited for today. Her and her friend Evan had been planning it for a week. Dany was a tomboy; she liked getting dirty, playing sports, and most of all riding her four-wheeler. She often rode with Evan, and today they'd be riding all day.

She put on a pair of jeans and a shirt, (neglecting a bra and underwear), grabbed a breakfast biscuit and a water bottle, and ran out of the house. They met each other on the road and made their way into the trails.

Before they get to the trails, they need to make their way through a long stretch of land. This long stretch was home to many close calls with Dany. Despite her outward personality, she always had a strange aversion to peeing outside. No matter how badly she had to go, if she tried to find relief anywhere outside a normal bathroom it would be a waste of time. This often led to her careening down the stretch with a bursting bladder reaching the toilet in the nick of time.

As they rode, Dany found herself bouncing a bit on the vehicle. She came to the realization that she completely forgot to pee this morning. Her bladder was throbbing with the contents of a full night's worth of urine. She was fidgeting on the seat and, when Evan wasn't looking, gave herself a squeeze.

Dany really needed to pee. When they hit bumps, she could feel the liquid sloshing around inside her. She didn't want to make them go back home right away just so she can pee, they were supposed to be riding for hours! She decided to at least try to pee in the woods.

She shouted to Evan. "I'm gonna use the bathroom real quick over there, I'll be right back." He gave a thumbs-up. Dany hopped off the ATV and began walking into the trees, and Evan eyed her in secret. The jeans she wore outlined her cute butt, and when she faced him he could make out two nipples through her brown shirt. His heart beat faster. They were friends since they were babies, and he knew her well enough to know she had an aversion to bras (and underwear, when she can help it). He felt a little saddened when he thought about how she probably thinks of him like a brother.

In the trees, Dany looked back and could kind of make out the shape of her friend waiting on the quad in the distance. She began unbuttoning her jeans as she danced in place. A wave hit as she did this, and she hunched over. She was struggling with the jeans, but the urine was dying to get out. She switched between holding herself and pulling on her jeans button with her left hand. The wave began to fade by the time she got her pants open. Without hesitation, the poor girl pulled them down and squatted, but with the wave gone she squatted there in vain. All that came out of her was a small fart and a sigh. She pulled her pants up, still feeling the liquid inside her. She didn't realize how much her jeans dug into her bladder until she put them on, and it made the pulsing in her bladder even worse.

She made her way back to the four-wheelers. They didn't ride right away, instead they talked for a while. Dany shifted her feet, trying not to think about the contents of her bladder.

"You didn't pee, did you?" asked Evan, smirking.

"How did you know..." she said meekly, brushing her short brown hair out of her face. Evan just laughed, but he 's known her for long enough to recognize her telltale signs that she needed to pee. She kept her weight on one foot, messed with her hair a lot, and pulled on the button of her pants. He would have asked if she wanted to run back to the house and pee, but it kind of turned him on to see her need to pee.

They rode for a while after that, almost two hours. By then, Dany needed to pee bad. Her jeans dug hard into her bladder. She let Evan lead so she can squirm and hold herself in peace. Her bladder was ready to burst, the urine inside of her ready to come out.

The two came to a stop.

"I saw a new trail over there," said Evan, motioning back, "wanna check it out?"

"Sure," said Dany, leaning forward a bit.

"You lead," Evan told her. She rode into the new trail,

"When we get out of this trail, I need to pee!" she shouted.

"What?"

Dany looked back at Evan. "I said when we--" she was cut off when her ATV suddenly fell forward and went straight into a ditch. Evan cut off his engine behind her. "Are you alright?" he asked.

'Y-yeah..." She answered, shaking. Dany wasn't hurt, and the vehicle wasn't damaged, but the crash jolted her poor, overfilled bladder. She leaked a little bit into her jeans, making a golf-ball sized stain on the crotch.

"I don't have a rope, I'll go get one!" Evan turned around and sped away from her.

"Oh god..." Dany moaned. She had to pee so bad! She was squirming and fidgeting, cursing herself out for not using the toilet this morning. She looked at a bush, contemplating, but knew she wouldn't be able to find relief. A jolt of urgency washed over her. She was squirming so bad, holding and squeezing herself, moaning and complaining. She knew that soon, holding herself through her jeans wouldn't be enough. She struggled with the button for a few minutes, occasionally hunching over, and finally opened the jeans. With no underwear to move out of the way, she put her hand to her bare clit and rubbed. It helped the desperation she wouldn't be able to relieve.

She glanced at the bush again. "Evan?" she called, ensuring she was alone, then went over to the bush and squatted down. Again, nothing. Her dire need continued to press on, and even faded away. A bad throbbing was still felt, but it wasn't as bad. The sound of a distant engine made her suddenly stand and pull up her jeans. She looked down when she buttoned them and saw a huge pee bulge popping out of her belly. It made her feel desperate again. The engine continued to come closer, so she had no choice but to button up. It dug into the bulge, putting tons of pressure on her bladder and making her need worse. She went back to her ATV to help Evan attach the rope. Dany was shifting her weight and fidgeting as she helped him untangle it. A pang in her abdomen reminded her that it was an emergency, and she almost held herself, but stopped the motion halfway. She knew Evan noticed it. She really needed to pee.

"I have to pee," she said, nervously laughing and tying one end of the rope to her ATV. Evan hid his erection as best he could. Her saying it made it all the more appealing. He attached the rope to his and got on. "Put it in reverse and hit the gas when I tell you," he said.

Dany rolled her eyes. One of Evan's many traits was making sure you knew he knew how to do things. A sudden pang in her bladder made her lurch forward and rush over to the ATV to get it over with. Her bladder was ready to burst. She was fidgeting bad, holding herself and squirming obviously. She couldn't help it. If she could, she certainly wouldn't do it in front of someone. The throbs were getting worse. Her sphincter tightened and untightened, and she was sweating a ton. Evan hit the gas and so did she. The vehicle jolted, and Dany had extra pressure put on her bladder. It was painful now, and she had tears in her eyes.

"W-we ave to g-go back to the house right after this," she told Evan. He nodded and took lead through the narrow passage. He purposely went slow, knowing she couldn't pass him if she tried. He was so turned on he didn't even consider putting her out of her agony, only worsening it. He pretended to break for something and looked over the front, then kept going. He didn't turn around to see Dany so it wasn't obvious, but his imagination was running wild with what she might be doing.

Dany had tears falling down her cheeks and one hand in her crotch. She was almost crying from the immense pain in her abdomen. Her dire need for a toilet still didn't overcome her shyness, which prevented her from telling Evan to hurry up. She was outgoing, but certain things made her embarrassed. When they reached the end of the trail, she wasted no time. Dany passed Evan and sped towards the house. A wave hit and she leaked, this time making a spot that went down to her butt. With no underwear to absorb anything, all of her leaks were bigger than they should be.

Her whole body was shaking with the need to pee. Her bladder was throbbing and her pussy was quivering under the immense pressure. When she finally made it to her house, she leapt off of the ATV, up the porch, through the door, and made it halfway down the hallway to the bathroom before another wave hit. This one was so bad it forced her to crouch down on one knee. This position made her jeans dig into her bladder even harder, causing a spurt, She was shaking and crying. This was the worst she'd ever needed to pee. She knew if she stayed like that, she would definitely wet herself eventually, so she took a chance.

She got up quick and sprinted into the bathroom and made it to the toilet. She pulled on her jeans button, but it didn't open. She frantically struggled with it while jumping, dancing, crossing her legs, moaning, and even crying in extreme desperation. She was dripping with sweat and shaking. Suddenly, another spurt came. Then another, even bigger than the last. Finally, it happened. Her bladder burst into her pants, splashing onto the ground beneath her before she could even sit down on the toilet. She sat for nearly three minutes as she peed full force into her jeans in utter bliss and relief. When she finished, she looked down and almost cried in shame.

Dany cleaned herself and the floor up, threw the jeans into the garbage, and put on new ones (this time with panties). Then, she peed again for about thirty seconds, surprised she could even hold even more. A knock came at the door. Dany answered it to see Evan standing there.

"Hey, are we still riding today or what?" He looked down at Dany's pants. "Those are different... Did you...?"

She turned red in the face. "Y-yeah... We can still ride though. Let's just go."

Evan felt a pang of guilt for allowing this to happen, but more so felt even more attracted to Dany. He imagined her wetting herself while she was riding, or sitting on the toilet peeing through her jeans...

He was her friend, and didn't wan't to put her through something like that, but he had to see more.

