An Over-Hydrated Road Trip

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-12-24 06:38

Part One

“For the last fucking time, please pull over!” I groaned, gripping my crotch.

“Man, I hope it’s the last time,” Dana replied. “You sound like a broken record. You know what Einstein said about insanity, right?”

I dropped my head back in frustration, my swollen bladder pounding with urgency. “Pleaseee…” I whined, writhing in my seat. “Hnngh… I could just pop a squat in the grass, I don’t even have to go…” I gulped, trying to keep my voice from quivering it’s way out of coherence, “to a bathroom…” I winced and lurched forward, squeezing my pussy with all my strength. The waistband of my jeans was torture against my tight, swollen organ.

“You told me last stop that you wouldn’t make me pull over again. I swear, man, it’s all in your head. I have to pee, too, but…”

“You don’t get it,” I whined through clenched teeth, “I’m in fucking painnn!”

“You’re so dramatic.”

“I’m… ooh… I’m about to pee out of the window,” I said, my voice shaking like a leaf.

“Aw, dude, don’t do that! Just hold it in.”

“It-it feels like it’s about to burst, I’m so serious… My bladder is not… ahh… going to be able to keep it innn…”

We were driving through a town, but it was night, at least. “Fuck it. I can’t fucking hold it… Jesus christ, I have to piss so much…” I frantically unbuckled my pants and pulled them and my underwear down to my knees. My bladder bulge was ridiculous. “No, come on, man, please!” Dana begged me. I rolled down my window and grimaced as I hung my ass out, having to press my pee baby against my thighs to achieve the position. I held onto the seat for balance.

“Holy fuck holy fuck holy fuck…” I muttered as I hurried to get in place. I could feel it starting to make it’s way out, whether I was ready for it or not. The moment that my hot piss started to explode against the car door, blue lights started flashing behind us. A cop car came into view.

“Fuck!” Dana and I swore in unison. Panic stricken, I frantically dropped back into the car, clenching my muscles, gripping my privates, and writhing in agony. I couldn’t stop pissing right away. My urine splattered against and dripped down the side of the door, continuing to dribble out of me into a spot on the seat beneath my bare ass. When it finally stopped, my ass, thighs, and hands glistening with urine. I pulled my pants up as we pulled off into the median. My urge to pass water more intense than ever. I kept having to wipe sweat off my forehead and tears from my eyes. I had my hand stuck into my underwear, holding myself tightly and jiggling like mad. I bit my knuckles to help deal with the pain.

“Look at what you did, man! I’ve never been pulled over in my fucking life!” Dana scolded me.

“I’m gonna pee my pants, it’s about to happen…” I was crying.

“Get a hold of yourself! What are you gonna say to him?”

“I…” I sniffed, wriggling like a crazy person. “I don’t know.” I was so embarrassed. My bladder was huge and screaming, radiating discomfort and urgency with a ferocity I’d never experienced before. Against the will of my body, I took my hand out of my pants and pulled my shirt down so he wouldn’t see that they were unbuttoned. Every ounce of strength I had was put into composing myself for this cop. I tried forcing my hands to my sides, but it was utterly impossible. In the ten seconds my privates weren’t being squeezed, my body twitched and squirmed to it’s own accord, my overworked urinary organ attempting to squeeze my piss out. The sensation of desperation increased with each passing moment. “Oh, fuck!” I swore, lurching forward as my hands shot to my crotch.

He came up to the window and shone a flashlight in, asking for her license and registration. “Doing any drinking tonight, girls?”

“No, sir,” Dana said.

“Well, I’d hope you weren’t. It was more directed toward your friend there.” He aimed the flashlight at me. I felt like I was under a spotlight. I couldn’t stop dancing in my seat. It felt like if I stopped scooting my butt around it was just going to start coming out. “Couldn’t wait for the next gas station, I gather?”

My ears burned. “She wouldn’t stop anywhere! I’ve been begging her to…”

He was smirking, putting up his hand to stop me mid-sentence. “Listen, it doesn’t matter if you’re about to pee your pants. You can’t do what you were doing back there in the middle of a public road. You understand?”

“Nnngh…” I whimpered, pressing my fingers into my coochie between my tightly pressed thighs. My need to piss was pounding with urgent, searing pressure, throbbing and contracting as it tried to force out the huge amount of liquid I was struggling to retain.

“I don’t think I have to inform you that public nudity has consequences,” He glanced again at my writhing legs, my hand gripping my crotch. I could feel a warm spot in the fabric. “Y’all stay right here,” he said, walking back to his car.

*002*2022-12-25 02:29

Part 2

“I’m so scared, dude. I don’t wanna get in trouble.”

“This is so embarrassing,” Dana complained.

“Embarrassing for you!? Are you insane!?” I winced, crossed my legs and rocked back and forth.

“Yes, dude! Literally control yours- oh my god, is that your piss dripping down my car door!?” she screamed.

“Stoppp…” I begged.

“You’re unbelievable, you know that?” she sighed, massaging the bridge of her nose with her forefinger and her thumb.

I suddenly gasped, an explosive wave of urgency wracking my urinary system. “Mmph!” I whined through the searing discomfort. My body twitched and writhed with a humiliating intensity. “Ahh- Oh my goddd-“ I said breathlessly.

“Do you really have to be having a seizure to hold it in?”

“I-I’ve never… ahh… had to pee so bad in my whole life!” I was crying again. “I’m really…” I gulped, “I’m really gonna piss my pants…”

“No you’re not!” Dana practically scolded me. “I’ll take you to a gas station right after this, I promise. I don’t know what’s taking him so long.”

“I won’t make it…” I sniffed, rocking back and forth.

The cop appeared in the window again. “Okay, listen.” He spoke directly to me. “I’m gonna let you off with a warning for a few reasons. I understand you’re in a bit of a predicament here. But you need to understand…”

He kept going and I couldn’t even hear him. My bladder was screaming, sending me immense, unbearable, constant pain that pulsed in intensity. I could hardly breathe. I was sweating, wiping tears off my cheeks every few seconds. My entire body was trembling, dancing shamelessly. My face was redder than a tomato.

Now he was speaking with Dana. Another wave started to wash over me and I almost opened the car door and popped a squat right there. I couldn’t think. My insane pee dance was truly a sight to see. Despite it all, all of my embarrassment and what felt like hours of urine retention, I began to leak. It started slow, trickling into my underwear even though I was straining my peehole with everything I had. The thinly stretched walls of my tortured organ contracted tighter, forcing the trickle to become a gentle stream.

“Nnngh- no no no no no…” The warmth was spreading down my ass, down my thighs. I was still fighting it, still dancing and crossing my legs like a crazy person, but I was soon pissing hard enough that I could hear it. I was frantically convulsing and contorting my body, gripping and rubbing my pussy as hard as I could. The saturation of my pants and the seat affected the noise I made as I bounced on my butt, deepening my humiliation. I looked up, seeing my friend and the cop watching me in silent shock, traces of sympathy in their faces. “I-I’m sorry…” I sobbed, my fidgeting dying down as I let go, urinating hard and loud into my clothes. It collected into a hot pool, soaking my ass and my thighs. As my bladder drained, the fly on my pants shifted to accommodate the extra space from my shrinking bulge.

“Try standing outside. I might have some napkins in my car,” he said, leaving the car. Still crying, still pissing, I opened the door and stood outside, legs spread. The puddle on the seat was still sizeable, despite much of it having been absorbed by the car seat. “Dana, I’m so sorry…” I cried. I’d never felt such intense humiliation.

“No, honey, I’m sorry,” she said, picking up a shirt off the floor and wiping up my urine puddle.

“Please don’t!” I cried harder, covering my face.

“It’s okay!” she continued, the shirt being completely soaked by the end of it. “Do you think you could wring this out?” she chuckled reassuringly, trying to lighten the mood.

I was still urinating on myself, sniffling pitifully as I took the shirt from her and wrung my hot piss onto the pavement. It was so much that it splattered audibly. The cop came back and Dana and I did a little more cleaning. Then I sat in my piss soaked clothes on a piss soaked seat in Dana’s piss smelling car for a few minutes until we got to a store, where I had to embarrass myself further by entering in my pants that were soaked to the cuffs and my squelching shoes. I couldn’t look anybody in the eye, least of all the cashier as we purchased pants and underwear in my size, fabric cleaner and rags, a big water bottle, and some paper towels. I didn’t look at him, but anyone who looked at me could see what I’d done.

We entered a changing room immediately. “Oh… Sorry, do you want me to leave?” Dana asked me. We usually change with each other in public, but she’d never seen me naked.

“You don’t have to…” I mumbled, figuring I couldn’t feel any more embarrassed than I already was. I took my soaked shoes and socks off. I skinned my soggy pants down and kicked them away. Then, after a moment’s hesitation, I pulled my underwear down and kicked them away, too. Painful tingles from where my hot urine had irritated my skin were prevalent on my inner legs, and especially my asscheeks. I wet some paper towels and gently wiped my pussy and down my inner thighs. Wet some more and wiped off my butt, down my legs, even my feet. Dabbed myself dry. I put the new pants on and they were a little tight, but they weren’t soaked with my urine, which was the important part.

“I’m so sorry,” Dana said suddenly.

I looked at her. She looked close to tears. “I… It’s okay! I really need to stop drinking so much on road trips.”

“It’s not your fault for staying hydrated! I really didn’t think this would happen. You get desperate to pee all the time! I thought it was just gonna be all dramatic until we got home, like usual…”

“I’m not mad at you,” I told her. “I’m just… Embarrassed.”

She stood up and hugged me. It made me really nervous because I was completely naked from the waist down, but I hugged her back.

“You’re probably gonna want to sit in the backseat for the rest of the drive.”

“Probably.”

