My belt is stuck...

Author: Quackduck

*000*2020-09-08 07:53

The first thing Brooke noticed when she opened her eyes groggily after her 4 hour nap was her sister, Lana, standing over her. "I need help moving my dresser," she said.

She groaned. "Did you seriously wake me up for that?"

"You told me you would. I even let you sleep for a while. I said I wanted to reorganize my room by--"

"Okay, okay, I'm getting up."

The second thing she noticed was an urgent ache in her bladder. She badly needed to pee, and her tight belt only made her urge stronger.

"Come on!" Lana called impatiently.

"I'm coming!" Brooke said, rolling her eyes. She gave herself a quick squeeze before following her sister to her room.

Moving the dresser was no easy task, and it didn't make it easier that Brooke was swollen with piss. On one strenuous push, she felt a hot little spurt escape her peehole. Her hands shot to her crotch, then hurriedly back on the dresser. Her cheeks turned pink.

"You okay?" her sister asked.

"I gotta pee," she giggled.

"We're almost done, come on."

They both sighed in relief when they finally pushed it into place.

"Thanks," her sister said.

"Welcome," Brooke muttered as she hurried to the toilet. She was stepping in place as she locked the door and began to undo her belt. She pulled hard, trying to dig the metal piece out of the hole, but it wouldn't loosen enough. "How did I even get this on?" she groaned as she strained harder, the brand-new leather refusing to grant any elasticity. She tried to pull her pants down, but they were too tight. She was dying to piss. She grabbed and squeezed at herself while she marched in place, gathering the nerve to ask someone for help. She left the bathroom and back into her sisters room.

"Hey, uh..." she said quietly, careful not to let anyone else in the house hear. "My belt is stuck... I have to go to the bathroom really badly and I dont know what to do."

Lana giggled at her. "That's funny. I don't know what to do either."

She blinked. "I was going to ask you to help me get it off." Her hands were balled into fists at her sides, and she was shifting her weight from foot to foot.

"I have some scissors."

"These are new!"

"I'd help you find something, but I'm kind of busy with my room right now. Sorry, Brooke."

She left, embarrassed and still urgently needing to urinate. Her bladder felt like a water balloon, constricted around the taut middle. She ran into her room with both hands between her legs. She didn't want to cut the belt, but she needed to get it off somehow. She took out her phone and looked up "How to get a belt unstuck," then "How to get a leather belt unstuck," but couldn't find anything that worked.

She had to pee so bad she couldn't think. One hand stayed between her legs, squeezing every few seconds. She felt another quick spurt come out, causing her to grab her crotch with both hands. On the verge of pissing herself, she decided that she needed to cut the belt. She ran back to Lana's room.

"Can I use those scissors?" she asked, unable to keep her pee dance from being ridiculously obvious.

"They're somewhere in that pile of stuff," Lana said. Brooke's heart dropped. She didn't have much longer before her body emptied her bladder against her will, and she wasn't up to the challenge of sifting through a mountain of Lana's possessions.

"Nevermind!" she said, turning and hurriedly leaving. Brooke could tell she was about to lose it. She ran to the kitchen, found a sharp knife, and started cutting right next to the buckle. She was sweating from the strain of keeping herself contained. Tears began to form in her eyes from the screaming pain in her abdomen. The extreme amount of piss accumilated in her bladder sloshed around as she squirmed madly, doing her best not to hurt herself. Finally, the knife snapped through the belt. She threw it down and ran to the toilet, discarding the entire belt as well. She had already begun unbuttoning her pants when she turned the corner and saw that it was occupied. She felt like crying.

I'm not gonna make it to the other bathroom, Brooke thought, doubled over and trembling with desperation. A huge spurt of piss gushed out of her, then another, then another. Her pants began darkening down her thigh. She ran into her room, urine escaping from her peehole in an erratic stream. The pressure was too much, and she couldn't take it any longer. She sighed as she let go, pee bursting from her vagina and flooding her pants. She moaned, shuddering in relief. Her pee stream went on for almost two minutes before faltering to a stop.

Brooke immediately skinned off her ruined pants and underwear, dried her legs with dry parts of them, and changed her pants. She couldn't believe she'd pissed her pants. She went to the bathroom, which was no longer occupied, and took a shower.

She urinated even more while she was in there. Something about the experience of being that desperate was titilating to her, and she wanted to explore it further. After her shower, she got a glass of water and began filling herself with liquid, excited for her desperation to grow.

