Why does the outhouse even have two holes?

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-12-15 05:33

As someone living in a farmhouse with seventeen people, Lilly had little to no privacy. The outhouse even had two holes next to each other. Her housemates knew how much she resented her lack of privacy, so they let her have the only room with a lock. It allowed the shy girl enough comfort to sleep in the nude.

She pulled off her clothes one night, annoyed by her two unsuccessful bathroom trips. There was only one person she's comfortable with sharing that toilet with and it was Gladys. A solitary visit is a rare privelege.

A dull ache sat above her vagina as she drifted off to sleep, waking up early the next morning with a tight, urgent need to piss. Loud talking and clattering was going on underneath her on the first floor. Hopefully it wouldn't be too much trouble to slip discreetly to the outhouse.

She rushed out of bed and threw a sundress over her naked body, not bothering with any undergarments. She went stiffly but hurriedly down the steps and through the middle of the house, passing through the kitchen where everyone was congregated on her way to the backdoor.

"Morning, Lilly," a few of them greeted.

"Morning," she replied.

"Want some eggs?" Gladys asked, frying some at the stove.

Lilly stopped for a second to answer. "Uhh, sure," she said, stepping side to side before walking away again.

"How do you want 'em cooked?"

"Scrambled!" she called as she rushed out the door. Drat, she thought. I wanted them fried.

The outhouse was in sight. Her full bladder intensely complained and contracted intermittedly during the long walk over to it.

She thought she could smell something foul as she approached it, but it being a toilet and all it didn't hit her right away. She swung opened the door, exposing her housemate Carly sitting on the right toilet.

"Hey, Lilly!" she greeted cheerfully.

"S-sorry!" she spun around and slammed rhe door, her face turning hot and pink.

"Oh come on, are you still not over it?" she heard her friend call as she hurried back to the house.

Her eggs were already cooling at the table for her when she walked in, having been badly burnt, "Thanks, Gladys," Lilly said begrudgingly, gingerly sitting down and crossing her legs tight.

"Don't mention it," she said, sitting beside her. They ate and talked, her need to pee only increasing. At one point, Carly came in through the backdoor and said "it's all yours, dude."

Despite it being unclear who she was talking to, Lilly still turned pink at the encounter and refrained from going right away, lest she make it obvious who was waiting for the toilet.

Later, she was helping Gladys wash the dishes by the water pump outside. Urine threatened to squirt out of her pussy every time Lilly pushed on the lever, tortured by the sight and sound of liquid streaming out of the pipe and into the bason. Luckily, her friend's attention was diverted, so she was able to discreetly squirm on the spot, but it wasn't as much as she wanted to do.

Lilly had to piss so badly her legs started trembling. Her lack of underwear made it even harder to keep retaining her bulging bladder.

"Could you pump it a few more times?" Gladys asked politely. She hadn't even realized she stopped.

"Oh, y-yeah..." She clenched her muscles as she resumed pumping the lever, the exertion keeping her on the verge of pissing.

The post-breakfast bathroom trip was a popular one. Even after the dishes were cleaned, Lilly knew she wouldn't be the only one waiting for the toilet.

She went up to her room, squeezing her vagina as soon as the door closed behind her. It was hard to think about anything other than her burning urge to urinate. She grimaced miserably as she paced around the room, holding herself freely. She put her leg over the footboard of the bed and lowered her naked crotch against the smooth wood, gyrating her hips and scooting into it. This wasn't the first time her shyness resulted in something like this, and she'd resorted to strange things to help relieve pressure. She was just lucky it was number one this time.

Time went on and on and her bladder only filled. Laying curled up in the bed, one hand gripping the blanket and the other gripping herself, she attempted to gauge her desperation. It was bad. She'd consider it an emergency, but she could probably compose herself enough if she got roped into a conversation. Probably.

She sat up, holding, rubbing, and tapping her bare pussy under her dress, moving her butt around. Running to the window and peeking out, she could see one of her housemates popping a squat in the woods next to the outhouse while a couple of others stood around her squirming. Apparently, someone was taking a long time.

She stepped around in place as she looked out, then ducked out of sight of the window so she could hold herself again. She collapsed onto the bed into a fetal position as she resumed the waiting game.

...

Constant writhing started to feel like it wasn't enough to comfort her almost unbearable urge to urinate. She was worried about having to go through the house, but at this point there was nothing she could do about it.

Sitting up and rubbing circles around her peehole, she felt the hot, tiny spurt on her fingers when it came out. She winced and squeezed herself tight, clenching her muscles. The poor girl felt like she was about to explode.

She leapt out of bed and ran to the window, hopping around and holding herself desperately. There appeared to only be one person waiting for the toilets and it looked like Gladys. She bolted to the door, stopping in her tracks to squeeze herself, lifting her leg and pressing her thighs together before forcing herself upright to leave the room.

Every step was a throb in her bursting bladder. She didn't even want to be standing up straight. As she stepped down onto the top step, a hot spurt of urine gushed out of her for a second, streaking down her legs. A few more steps made a much harder spurt that made a spot on the front of her dress and a few big drops on the ground under her.

She didn't even lock the door when she bolted back in there, running in place and holding herself as she yanked her drawer open and pulled out a pair of panties. She spurted again while she was using them to wipe streaks of urine off her thighs, then jumped into them and rushed down the stairs, leaking a couple of times on the way down and saturating the crotch a bit more.

She stood crossing her legs and holding herself at the foot of the stairs, bracing herself to walk as casual as she could be past the populated living area and through the kitchen.

Lilly was straining as she walked stiff as a board past three of her housemates talking around the kitchen table.

"Lilly, where've you been?" asked Carly, "I haven't seen you since breakfast."

"Been in my room!" she replied, rushing out the door. She stumbled down the steps as she spurted again, urine oversaturating her underwear and dripping down her thighs. Her bladder was about to explode. Hoping nobody could see, she pressed her fingers into her crotch as she desperately speed-walked to the outhouse. She looked up and forced her hands to her sides, seeing on of her housemates heading the opposite way.

"Hey, Lil," she greeted.

"Hey," she replied as casually as she could, feeling herself dribbling with every step. She stifled her leaking peehole with her hands as soon as they passed.

Lilly's bladder was so full it hurt. The poor girl felt like she was going to pop. As she came up on the outhouse, urine started uncontrollably squirting out of her. She stopped dead in her tracks as she frantically crossed her legs and gripped her crotch, liquid spurting from between her fingers for a solid few seconds before she was able to stem it. The discomfort was agonizing. She winced and stood frozen as a statue, pee dripping through her completely soaked underwear and streaking down her legs.

"Are you okay?" she heard from in front of her, startling her out of her skin, a bit of pee leaking out as it happened. It was Gladys.

"Y-yes!" she said, trembling in desperation.

"Oh, Lilly, I hate it when you hold it like this. Come on, there's nobody over here."

She shook her wet hands at her sides and hurriedly hobbled over, bent over a bit so she didn't crush her bulging bladder. Gladys held the door open for her. Ten steps away, she started pissing, suddenly bolting to the outhouse, urine running down her legs and dripping onto the grass. As soon as she was on the other side of it, out of sight from the house, she hiked her dress up and spread her legs, her piss stream strong enough to jet through the crotch of her soggy underwear.

"O-oh my god!" she moaned breathlessly.

"I think someone's coming down here," Gladys said.

Startled, Lily clenched her muscles to bust into the outhouse and jump onto the toilet in one frantic motion, already gushing pee again before her butt touched the seat. She pulled her soiled panties down her thighs as she sat there and exploded, liquid loudly splattering into the basin below. "Can you see I peed myself?" she whispered to Gladys, who was standing in the open doorway.

"A little. They're still a ways away anyway, I'm sure you'll be finished by the time they're here."

She wasn't. It seemed like her piss was going to go on forever. Her tight, bulging bladder slowly deflated as her stream went on and on. Gladys stepped away, muttering something to whoever was coming over.

Carly's muffled voice said "I know how she is, but I gotta poop, dude." Lilly jumped and clenched her peehole closed as the door busted open. "Hey," she said as she dropped her jeans and sat down next to Lilly.

"H-hey," she said, turning pink and looking away, hiding her wet underwear with her hands. Her friend's pee could be heard hissing and splattering.

Lilly started dribbling. Gradually, it grew to a strong, gushing jet, and she was finally able to completely empty her aching bladder despite being right next to someone.

Carly farted. Lilly hurriedly grabbed some toilet paper, unable to look in her friend's general direction. Her face was beet red. She emitted another fart and a watery plop was audible. Lilly yanked her underwear up and rushed out. "I'm so proud of you!" Carly jeered at her as she left.

