Urine Retention Training

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-07-15 03:02

An alien race puts soldiers of their species on earth to collect information while disguised as humans. Using incomprehensibly advanced technology, everything about them becomes human, physically and mentally. To prepare the soldiers before going on the mission, they must undergo the transformation many times and perform various tasks to make sure they’re prepared to control the human body. Unfortunately, some of these tasks include managing discomfort.

When she’s human, her name is Lily. She stays in a room that looks exactly like a room on earth, with things to do like play video games and clean. It changes depending on what she needed to do that day. As advised by her superiors immediately following the day’s transformation, she was to drink pitcher after pitcher of liquids over the course of a few hours. The floor and seats were the same material, but a sort of grate-like pattern across the surface told Lily these materials were designed to absorb and measure fluid. She was never told what her task was before completing it, but she deduced that she was going to be testing her urinary system.

She’d experienced urination before. Being human for long periods of time will make that happen. Every time she felt slight urge to pee, she’d immediately go to the toilet to remedy the sensation, eager to accurately and effectively answer her body’s call to action. She was already feeling it, however, and today there was no bathroom door.

She cooked until she was squirming, which was something she’d never encountered before. She ate, piling food on top of it, too. She cleaned until she was potty dancing, rubbing her bladder almost constantly, intrigued by the new level of intensity she was taking this sensation to. She pressed into herself, poked at her sides, played with things to make it feel more urgent.

By the time the novelty passed, she was badly needing to pee. It crept up on her. She pressed her fingers into her vagina, changing sitting positions every few seconds. She decided to stand up and walk around, hoping to ease some pressure. She had her hands on her hips, breathing carefully and she paced around the room. As a wave of urgency hit her, her bladder contracting and nearly succeeding in pushing urine out of her urethra, she gripped her crotch and doubled over. She lifted her leg to squish her thighs together every couple of seconds, stepping side to side as she shook her arms at her sides. She sat back down on the side of the wooden chair, digging the edge of the seat into her taint, scooting to press into her genitals.

“Tell us how you feel, Lily,” a voice over the intercom said.

“I-I’m exceptionally uncomfortable!” she gasped, her voice trembling almost as much as her body was.

“Can you believe your bladder is only at approximately 45% capacity?”

“I-It’s not possible!” She winced and rubbed her pussy. “The organ that’s holding the urine… The bladder? It’s very, very full… Ahh, I’ve never felt it this full! There’s pressure in my belly, too. I drank so much, they’re pressing on each other. Oof… I’m very uncomfortable.”

“Are you maintaining control over the muscles down there?”

She crossed her legs, then crossed them the other way. “Y-yes, I think so…”

Time dragged on and on. She attempted to do a puzzle, but struggled to keep her attention on it. Her kidneys were working at a faster pace than she was used to. Pretty soon, she was seriously getting desperate.

“Ohh… Ahh, ouchh… Nnh…”

“How are you feeling, Lily?” the intercom sounded.

“I’m going to urinate soon, I can feel it! I can feel it close to the end of my urethra!” She squealed, jolting her butt back and forth, squeezing her vagina madly. “My bladder, it’s… squeezing the liquid out! Or, tries to… It’s beginning to have a mind of it’s own!”

“You’re losing control of it?”

“A-A little bit… It’s just so intense! Nngh, ahh… I can barely stand it! I’m perspiring heavily… Ehh, ohh… It’s really difficult to think about anything else…”

“You’re currently at 85% capacity.”

“I-I don’t want to experience 100%! Ahh, ooh… Ohh, god…”

Time dragged on. The poor girl was in a horribly uncomfortable state. Lily was curled up in a fetal position on the couch, her hips writhing slightly, hands stuck down the front of her pants gripping her vagina. She had long unbuttoned her pants to give her bloated bladder some room. Cringing constantly, assaulted by a barrage of discomfort and urgency, she bit into the fabric of the couch trying to deal with the pain

“Lily? Has the severity of your state incapacitated you?”

She took a deep, careful breath. “J-just a bit…” she squeaked, blinking tears out of her eyes. “It… hurts…” In a jolting motion, she curled up more and squeezed tighter, her screaming bladder contracting and forcing some liquid into her urethra. Her fingers were gripping tight, though, and it painfully leaked back into her bladder after a minute.

“We want you to undress, at least your pants and underwear.”

She slowly and carefully pushed herself up, her legs pressed tightly together the entire time. She lifted her butt and pulled her pants down to her thighs, squishing her distending urinary organ against her thighs a bit as she leaned forward, then jostling the liquid around as she sat back down. “Oooff—“ she groaned, intense discomfort radiating through the sensitive area. She stiffened her body and skinned her pants the rest of the way down until they were at her feet.

“Kick them off and place them in the drop box,” the intercom instructed, referring to a box by the front door. Lily groaned inwardly. She held her privates tightly, pressing her fingers so hard into her peehole that it hurt, then gingerly got up and shuffled to the drop box, her pants dragging from her ankles. The miserable, desperate girl tried her best not to crush the melon-sized bulge of urine swelling out of her as she bent down, but there was no way to do it. “Ughh-!” she groaned, pulling her pants off all the way. She tried to be as still as she could be, but she stumbled a bit and fell on her butt, hot yellow piss squirting out as it happened. “Oooohh…” she moaned, grabbing madly at her exposed, dribbling vagina and jiggling around. The walls of her bladder were stretched thin, almost physically incapable of encompassing the extreme volume of fluid she had inside her.

“You are very close to 100% capacity, Lily,” the intercom told her. “How do you feel?”

“I-I can’t take it!” she blurted, tears welling up in her eyes and falling down her cheeks. “I-I feel like I’m g-going to explode! P-please… Mmm… I have to p-pissssssss…!” with the last word, liquid started dribbling out. She squeezed even tighter and fell onto her side, managing to stem the flow with her fingers.

“We need you to drop the clothes in the drop box. We can’t afford to have to retake this test because the clothes absorbed some and skewed our information.”

“Hhnh- huh-“ she huffed, feeling like she was going to urinate at any second. She pushed herself up slowly, managing to stay dry until she pulled her pants off of her foot, causing her to jerk her knee up and press against her belly. She squeaked as a bit of pee dribbled out, both hands shooting to her privates to squeeze and rub. She pulled the other foot out and got up slowly, one hand between her thighs. She stepped in place, frantically jerking her legs inward constantly.

“Communicate with us, Lily,” the intercom said.

“Ohhh I have to urinate s-so badly… I-I feel like I’m going to explode! T-This area h-here…” She gently rubbed her bulging abdomen. “It’s so sensitive… Ahhh… I-I cant—“ A squirt of pee shot out and dribbled down her thighs. “Mmmph!” she groaned, doubling over and digging her fingers into her pussy. “It hurtsss…” More liquid squirted into her hands and dribbled down her thighs. “Nnngh!” she whined, “i-it’s coming out! I’m t-trying to ho-old it…” Her stomach was insanely distended. Her screaming bladder had literally reached full capacity, painfully contracting every few seconds to push out just enough urine to make room for the next bit of pee her kidneys mercilessly produced. Intermittent spurts had led to yellow liquid streaming down her legs, dripping onto the floor.

She fell to her knees, digging her dribbling vagina into her heel, still grabbing and rubbing herself madly. Then, entirely out of her control, her urethra relaxed and let urine jet out onto her feet. She squealed and squeezed herself, falling onto her butt gushing through her fingers. “I c-can’t stop!” she sobbed, clenching every muscle below her waist, trying to stem the flow. The puddle was growing to an enormous size as it pooled under her butt, soaking her legs and hands. After an impressive amount of time, she stopped fighting it, spreading her legs. “T-This is what my body did by itself,” she said breathlessly, spreading her pussy lips. “I didn’t realize the severity that this sensation could reach. I-it feels amazing to drain my bladder right now.”

“You performed well, Lily,” the intercom said. As her incredibly long stream slowed to a dribble, the liters of golden liquid started to drain through the floor.

