Lab 28

Author: quiez

*000*2017-03-25 11:07

I have always been strangely attracted to robots, specifically humanoid androids in science fiction. It’s been difficult to rationalize why. It could be related to the fantasy of creating a sleek, perfect being corresponding to my overt and rather lustful tendencies. Equally, it could simply be an attraction to a novel and new concept that is being reintroduced and explored repeatedly in mainstream media. Perhaps my engineering profession has something to do with it.

Regardless, I wanted to create something that made sense in the context of omorashi. There have been several exploratory attempts on this forum that strive to associate and functionalize excretion of fluids with the operation of a robot; sadly, none achieved the breakthrough detail and realism I was seeking.

A radical concept finally dawned on me about a month ago that seemed plausible from an engineering and scientific viewpoint. This post and the following ones aim to pen the concept down in a story. I have never written fiction in my life and scored horribly for literature at school before giving it up completely, so forgive me if the plot does not match up to the concept and/or this does not pass the editor’s cut. I hope, nevertheless, that those who like this stuff lurking around in this forum will appreciate this little story of mine and perhaps use the concept into the future. Cheers!

*001*2017-03-25 11:07

0. My world

I am on the train to work. I haven’t done this in months since my job was made redundant. A sense of awkward familiarity filled my mind as the train pulled up at a platform that had seen a more crowded and lively past. The dejected looks on passengers’ faces around me seemed to highlight my feelings; the world is facing an unemployment crisis of epic proportions.

Recent advances in quantum computing have made advanced automation and artificial intelligence cheap and comparatively easy to apply and implement. Every conceivable job was now at threat from a robot that either met or exceeded a human when it came to performance. It didn’t help with the Gini numbers either; the rich were simply choosing to deal with robots rather than people.

Taxes on robot work populations have been raised and universal income has been implemented by most of the developed world’s highly automated governments. However, the core issue is still pretty much intact; the practice of hiring humans to build robots that they train to replace themselves is still rampant. This was my story; I successfully built a system that could perform my own job. Teach the teachers, train the trainers, they used to say. Now it’s morphed into automated behavioural plagiarism. People were losing their purpose.

But no, I need to tell myself, I am headed for a different destiny today. I will change the future. My new role as an AI behaviour analyst certainly sounded exciting; I will get to deal with the best and latest in humanoid technology in the hopes of shaping it for a better and more sustainable future than the current….

My thoughts trailed as I felt a tingle between my thighs. I instinctively tensed and brought my knees together as I sat on the hard train seat. I was caught by surprise; the wave was getting stronger and I gripped the hem of my skirt to compensate for the tension. I held on fast until the wave passed. Shucks, I thought to myself. I forgot to pee before I boarded the train! Again!

That thought transformed my mental state. I was suddenly conscious of myself, in the train. I immediately noticed that three men were seated opposite me whom I hadn’t noticed prior; a rather cute dude around my age, an average looking middle aged guy and a blading grandfather with golden tufts. All of them were looking at my lower body as I gazed forward. It suddenly dawned on me that my black office skirt was rather short, tight and had ridden up. My panties were showing! And they are white! I hope they aren’t damp yet??

I quickly pulled on the hem of my skirt and felt another tingle coming. I held on, clenched my thighs together and looked up. Another 2 more stops to go. I can make it. I wanted to hold myself so badly using my hands, but there was no way I was going to give such a spectacle to three intent onlookers. Dang the thigh gap. I wish my thighs would squeeze in and hold it for me.

My mind started drifting again as I thought about my predicament in relation to my thigh gap. I always felt that my sharp features, long legs and firm butt complete with a thigh gap were a boon rather than a bane. The package was enough to attract many eyes especially when I was in jeans; undoubtedly, I definitely did appreciate some of those eyes. It made me appreciate my body, something which helped me overcome the guilt that I never worked to get that tone and rather sensual figure I had. But all this boon didn’t help my petite bladder at all.

The length of time I could hold my pee shaped my behaviour greatly. I remember going to the extent of dehydrating myself before exams in a valiant effort to make it through the 3 hour papers while I was at College (I only succeeded once, discounting the fact that I wet myself on the way to the bathroom). Needing to go so often gave me enough reason to prefer skirts over anything else as I could wet myself without too much visible damage. In fact, I got into the habit of applying hydrophobic coatings (thank heavens for the geek in me) to the inside of all my skirts to prevent any liquid from ‘wetting’ the material. This effectively made my entire skirt wardrobe waterproof, at least from the inside. I even started doing Kegels in my early teens as part of a campaign to avoid running to the bathroom every half hour.

While the Kegels had their intended effect of significantly increasing the number of tingles (or urges/waves, in more common parlance) I could hold on for, the main effect of the 16 years of training seemed completely lewd to me. I gradually started becoming aroused when I needed to go and could reach climax much faster than before.

To add to this, I recently discovered that I could climax spontaneously if I have to go very badly and was horny enough. This happened on a date with a really hot guy I met on a dating site; I was putting off going to the bathroom because I am rather shy in person and did not want to be ‘rude’. Besides, he was a whole bunch of positive adjectives combined, and I found him really attractive, both intellectually and physically.

We were walking along the riverside after dinner and drinks. I was getting buzzed, aroused and being rapidly filled up all at the same time. We were teasing each other and his hand on my hips didn’t help. His soft touch on my back only made it even worse. I was acutely aware that my panties were soaked (with what was probably much more than just pee) and that I was fighting to hold back what was probably my 20th tingle, but I was so horny that I just wanted him.

Finally, at the tip of the pier, he slowly brought his lips towards mine, teased me a bit before giving me the most lustful and wet kiss I had in my life. It was then that I felt his engorged package poking at my bladder through his pants and my dress. It was too much. The lights felt like they went out; I was suddenly gasping for breath as waves of pleasure washed over me. I remember shuddering and almost collapsing into his embrace. The next few moments were a blur of sensations. On reflection, I think it was a combination of me jetting hot pee into my panties followed very rapidly with a second orgasm.

I basically came twice and emptied my bladder into my panties, wetting my dress, his trousers and shoes. He wasn’t impressed and I was shocked by what happened after. Upon realizing what had happened, he immediately threw me away, literally. I fell to the ground from the shock and he started scolding me for wetting myself. He seemed more concerned about the plight of his trousers and shoes, which were brand new, as I recall him saying. Worse still, I had to find my own way back that night in that state…

*002*2017-03-25 11:31

1. The station

The train chimed as I snapped back into the current moment. One more stop to go. It was all rather arousing flipping through the pages of memory discovering my body. I could feel the familiar warm arousal pulsing through my nether regions. I felt like touching myself; the prison of social etiquette was binding me back and denying the pleasure.

The tingling was growing again. I clenched again in response, and almost moaned as I felt little spikes of pleasure radiate from between my thighs. I was starting to flush and I could feel the tension building; I tried to calm myself down by breathing slowly. This was definitely not the place to have an explosive spontaneous orgasm. I looked out the window and saw buildings moving by; immediately I recognized the high-tech industrial park that I was entering. Phew. My stop’s coming soon. Now to stand up and get to the bathroom.

The train slowed down and pulled into a gleaming new stop. I found it fascinating that this was one of the handful of stops that had been constructed from scratch over an existing train line while it was still in operation. The fascination turned into lamentation as I further recalled that the whole station was printed from the ground up with zero human intervention. Everything, including mechanical and electrical services, were installed and tested by robots. How disgusting.

The doors opened. I absent-mindedly stood up with gusto. The tingling suddenly increased tenfold and I cringed. Ah. I really need the potty! I felt two spurts, a large followed by a small one, moisten my panties as I tried clamping my urethra shut while walking to the door at the same time. I’m pretty sure that my butt was sticking out (again) as I put in effort to do that; I could see from the corner of my eye that those three perverts who were sitting opposite me were turning their heads to watch me walk. I was still stumbling with my Kegel clenching walking coordination as I stepped onto the platform; I was pretty sure a drop of pee made it through my panties to the floor between my legs as some slipped through my muscles. Should have worn a pad.

I continued walking on. I was putting in so much effort to hold everything in while taking normal strides that I could feel my butt and my inner thighs getting moist with sweat from the workout. I guess that’s why they are tone. I took a quick glance back to see if I really left anything on the floor. Sure enough, there an unmistakable little trail of shiny droplets in the distance on the glossy black floor. Oops. Quick. Toliet.

Fortunately, I already had a sort of live dress rehearsal of this activity prior during my interview with the company. I arrived at the station in more or less the same state, having partaken in the same quantity of fluids and food (thanks to my daily morning ritual of some boiled oats, a glass of juice and a glass of water) and then forgetting to pee before boarding the train.

My quest the first time for the toilet turned into a torturous holding exercise as I discovered that the automated assistant at the counter didn’t know what a bathroom was. I combed the unstaffed station methodically before locating the inconveniently placed toilet two floors away from the platform behind an unmarked door. I didn’t quite make it during the rehearsal; I explosively wet myself just in front of the stall door after the sight of the ‘female’ toilet sign triggered a massive bladder spasm that overcame my super-Kegels. It was quite an orgasmic relief, and I probably did just have some sort of a micro orgasm, but nothing compared to the pier experience.

At least I know where the bathroom is now. I took small but quick steps as I retraced my route to the hidden bathroom. Down the stairs instead of the lift to keep my legs active so as to help me hold, along the corridor and into the unmarked door. Relief awaited me as I caught sight of the female toilet sign. I fought off the spasm that the expectation of release spawned, openly pressing my hand against my crotch as I yanked the door open. It was a simple and obviously very under-utilized bathroom; two stalls, a sink, a fan-blade and a mirror.

I ran to the nearest stall and pulled at the handle. Nothing. I pulled again. Nothing budged. I looked up in disbelief. What? I immediately tried the other stall next to it. The door opened, but of all things, it was a shower stall with a fixed shower spray. Seriously! What was the architectural design algorithm doing?!

I hesitated as another tingling wave started. It’s difficult to placate a disappointed bladder. I dropped my handbag, worked my muscles and squeezed between my crotch as hard as I could through my skirt with both my hands. Even then, I could feel a small trickle starting to wet my already moist panties. A few drops beaded off my skirt’s secret inner coating and fell to the floor as I frantically looked around for solutions. A small pee streak had already reached down the side of my thigh into my heels. Pee in the sink? On the floor like last time? Not again??

A glint of metal from the shower stall caught my eye. I suddenly realized that the shower stall had a drainage hole. Maybe that’s a better idea? I hobbled over into the stall with one hand stuffed to my crotch, pulled up my skirt and squatted facing the hole. The tingling intensified dramatically. My muscles were tense and I could feel my pussy quivering as I strained to hold it with my legs held apart by the squat. An overwhelming urge was building. My pelvic floor pulsed uncontrollably; the first spurts broke loose and soaked my damp panties.

It felt so good, but I know I couldn’t last and I instinctively didn’t want an orgasm. At least not yet. I quickly pulled my panties aside and exploded. My stream shot out like a thick needle. I closed my eyes as I felt the pee gushing out of my bladder and counted how long I peed for. One-thousand..two-thousand.. The relief washed over me as my bladder emptied. 15 full seconds of relief. I usually manage 10 on average or even 12 when I’m really desperate, but 15 was a new record!

When I was done, I stood up, pulled down my panties and had a look. They were wet and full of arousal slime. Messy. Really should have worn a pad. I was so tempted to finger myself but my watch reminded me that it was time to be in office by startling me with an alarm. Damm. I quickly got up with my panties still at my knees and hobbled over to my handbag; fortunately, I had learnt to keep a practically infinite supply of wet wipes and tissues to clear up after an accident.

I used the wet wipes and the tissue to clean and dry myself off. I shuddered as the tissue rubbed against my still swollen clitoris. No, this is not the time! Fortunately, I keep my pubic region shaved to allow easy clean-up, so I made a concerted effort to avoid touching my clit again as I worked my way through from the from to the back. It was so tempting to do so, but I held myself. My vagina was still happily sliming away and I knew it’d stain anyway, so I didn’t bother too much. I then turned to my panties; luckily, I was wearing my ‘lucky panties’ (a white silky satin pair with pretty black lace around the top) which were not particular absorbent and easily cleared up. Back as new! Kinda, I suppose. Horny stains don’t count.

I threw away the wipes and the tissue in what must have been the most advanced bin I had ever seen and made my way out of the complex. It was a 5-minute walk to the company HQ. My mind started wandering again. 15 seconds! That was amazing. I could still recall the time when my whole bladder would empty in just 6 seconds as a result of me not being able to hold it past the second urge. I felt a strange sense of accomplishment for roughly doubling my bladder capacity by simply resisting the urge to go for longer. Maybe I should quantify what 1 second is in volume?

*003*2017-03-25 12:04

2. Company

A fleeting thought crossed my mind as I gazed at the individuals walking past me on the street. My bladder must still be pathetic compared to most girls. I wondered how it felt to be able to go without a toilet for half a day or even a day. My best friend at my previous workplace, Charlotte, was able to hold a night’s worth of pee and still be able to make it to work after breakfast without any visible leakage. Maybe I should ask her someday how it feels.

The story of how I found out replayed in my mind. It was a company party and I stayed over at her place nearby because I was so tipsy. She was rather drunk too and kind of invited me back. I knew she was fond of me and I always wondered if she wanted to start a relationship with me; I sometimes saw her looking at me with eyes that I was more accustomed to observing from guys. We didn’t really get together but are still very close.

Nevertheless, we spent what was left of the evening together and ended up hugging each other to sleep, naked, which I admit was rather nice. She even fondled with my breasts and I explored her body before we slept. We didn’t really kiss or get ‘romantic’, however. It felt odd to me and I think she could sense it. She did a rather strange thing though; she told me that it’s OK to wet the bed before we closed our eyes. She knew my bladder really well.

I recall waking up around 2am after about an hour of sleep with a throbbing headache and a very full bladder with maximum tingling going on. I instantly felt a wave coming and tensed to hold it in, my legs shifting in the process, knowing that I had to get to the bathroom soon. I must have woken Charlotte with my fidgeting; she stirred and asked me if I was ok. I told her I had to pee; she sleepily whispered for me to come closer in her embrace. I still remember her words: ‘I want to feel you squirm... ‘

Her whisper perked my senses and made me acutely aware that her right hand was stretching from behind me and reaching down towards my belly and stroking it. The effort from holding was causing me to arch my back; my upper belly and butt stuck out in opposite directions. Then I felt her caress my left breast with her other hand that passed under my neck; she fondled slowly with my nipple. She was very round and well-built compared to me and I felt her warmth and breasts pressing against me as she pulled me in towards her. It felt really nice.

I started feeling another strong tingle coming and tensed in preparation for it. ‘You’re holding?’, she asked. ‘Yeah.’, I replied, not knowing how she figured out. ‘How did you know?’

‘Your body is squirming like a little cute thing. You can hold it in yeah? Try your best.’, she replied encouragingly. Not knowing what to say, I whimpered ‘Ok.’ Her right hand migrated downwards and started stroking my trembling inner thighs. Her touch was magically sensual and I admit to almost asking her to explore my privates.

But before I could ask, another stronger tingle hit me. I knew at this point that I probably won’t last long; nevertheless, I strained even harder to keep it all in. I was already close to my limit after being filled while asleep by everything I had drank. I was rather embarrassed and was worried that I would spurt onto Charlotte’s hand down there, after all, I wasn’t wearing panties that would dampen the force of a big leak. She obviously felt me tensing again and whispered ‘I can help you. Can I?’

I couldn’t find the energy to answer and simply nodded. She slowly moved her fingers along my thighs towards my swollen clitoris. ‘You’re so wet. You leaked?’ I was surprised, maybe I didn’t feel the small leaks without the panties to hold the dampness to my skin. ‘Oops.’ I replied. Huge waves of pleasure shot through me as she slowly started stroking me. I moaned and squirmed, probably much to Charlotte’s pleasure. It was all so nice and I pressed myself against her hand.

The tingling sensation was rapidly replaced with one of sexual climax; I knew I was going to cum soon if she continued. Suddenly I felt that familiar light dimming feeling; I shut my eyes as the climax hit me. I felt my muscles pulsing and pee shooting out of me with each climatic spasm. I tried to end it with them clenched to keep whatever pee that was left inside me in, but the effort made me come again as her pace of stroking turned into rubbing. I was moaning uncontrollably from all the pleasure.

I must have repeated that at least a total of 3 times before I was empty. I was exhausted and we both lay in a mess of sheets with my pee. Charlotte was still holding me and gave me a squeeze hug from behind. She whispered ‘It’s ok. Close your eyes and sleep?’ I listened and fell asleep almost instantly.

The next morning, we woke up late; we were both in a rush to have breakfast, get cleaned up and dressed to go back to the office. I recall peeing and pooping once when I woke up and peeing another time just before we left the house; I clearly did not see her pee while she was in the shower (we shared the single bathroom to speed things up) and she definitely did not use the potty that I had already sat on twice that morning. She did rush off really quickly to the bathroom when we reached the office, though, and that when I was starting to need to go again. I tried to imagine how long she peed for and the massive (to me at least) size of her bladder. Principally, she had held her pee for approximately four times longer than I did. It was quite interesting I noticed these little things. Maybe I am a pervert after all.

*006*2017-03-26 07:34

Thanks! Glad you guys like it so far

Here's chapter 3 from the chapter cache.

3. An Introduction

The company HQ was just ahead. I pushed the door open and stepped into the gleaming reception hall of my new office. To my amazement, a rather pretty female human receptionist greeted me and guided me to a waiting meeting room as she contacted the director who I was supposed to meet. I was at first wondering why she was talking to thin air and if she had some telepathy going on. It then dawned on me that she had a mobile communication implant which was a new fad; I caught sight of the tiny scar running up the right side of her neck. After showing me to the waiting lounge, she even asked me if I wanted a drink. I asked for some warm water as always. This was the first time I had interacted with a human receptionist in years; most were automated Jarvis-style systems. I was almost amused.

It was a beautiful small meeting room with a glass coffee table surrounded by plush sofas overlooking what appeared to be a central courtyard. The courtyard was curated and had little paths lined with shrubs, trees and even had a little pond with a couple of reading benches overlooking it. The receptionist came back in with a largish mug of warm water; I took several sips of water as I looked on even though I was thirsty; I didn’t want to have to ask for a bathroom so quickly.

The door opened and a familiar face entered. Andrew was the director of the humanoid artificial intelligence product development division. He was on the panel during my interview. I stood up and received his offer for a handshake. ‘Morning Aisha. Welcome to Xizor Dynamics. I trust you had a good journey here?’ So much for a good journey, I thought to myself. I shook his hand and rattled off some small talk. I hope my smiles were sweet enough to put myself in a good position. Our conversation continued.

He covered various topics including what I will be doing, where I will be in the organizational tree and basic meetings he wanted me to be at. I was to be attached to the advanced humanoid behaviour lab where I would be working with a team to perfect the latest prototype that represented the culmination of years of research. It was a robot designed with one intention; to mimic creation itself and provide a means to integrate robots with humans more harmoniously.

It was a brazen idea. To me, it sounded quite on the edge of what I would consider morally palatable. To solve the world’s problems with robots replacing people in jobs, the company aimed to introduce an affordable robotic humanoid that was practically indifferentiable to a human in terms of appearance and behaviour. This was designed to empower any person with the ability to ‘own’ a robotic partner that would essentially be the main breadwinner. It wasn’t exactly ‘owning’ (the sales and marketing team was supposed to come up with an alternate marketing strategy to avoid the potential issue of enslavement), but it was fundamentally that.

It was all rather strange. Imagine a robotic wife or husband who would go to work to be subsumed into the machinery of a corporation, losing its personality during that time period, and to return home with its personality reloaded. The idea was further envisaged to solve the social issues that loomed in the world at large; providing company to individuals who would have otherwise died from isolation, helping single parents without a suitable job for the new economy struggling to bring up kids, resolving huge gender imbalances in certain countries, accompanying individuals who are unable or refuse to marry because of a bleak future ahead, alleviating aged care personnel shortages…the list went on.

I was very intrigued as Andrew went on for about half an hour as he went into details. It sounded like they were already at the stage of product development where they had managed to put together a robot that was physically indistinguishable to the human eye from a real human. What was left was to sort out bugs, kinks and to figure out how to provide naturalistic physical variations for the being. I probed the budget and scale behind this; he was very reluctant to reveal the true cost behind it but mentioned that it was being funded by a large sovereign entity that he refused to name. So much for sovereign interests. I guess I’ll find out one day.

When Andrew was done, he indicated to me to stay in the room while the HR officer brought me through the automated staff management system and asked me if I wanted another drink. I looked down at my mug and realized I had unconsciously finished it while talking. Not again. Probably will have to really ask for a bathroom soon. I declined any further drink and Andrews left, but was brought a mug of rather fragrant tea by the pretty receptionist I encountered earlier regardless. Sigh. Looks like Andrews really thinks I need a drink.

I tried to feel my bladder and was rather surprised that I didn’t really have to pee yet. Maybe it was stretched from the morning hold? Temptation gave in and I started sipping the tea as I looked out of the window over the courtyard. This place is starting to be more mysterious than I thought. I wonder what kind of humanoid they were developing. A million questions raced through my head. How did they give the robot a social character? Was it predetermined or dynamically driven? What if they created a psychopathic without knowing they did? Did the robot have to eat or drink? Sleep? He mentioned wife and husband. Did that mean sex? How on earth did they handle that in product development? Would it make the problem of robots even worse now that they..were indistinguishable from humans? Should I be doing this? What have I got myself into?

A click from the door startled me. I put down my half-finished tea, looked up and saw a young petite lady around my age stepping in. She was dressed in similar business attire as I was save for the much lighter colour theme. She was smaller, shorter than me and was rather cute. She was hugging a holo-tablet which I guessed provided access to the HR system. ‘I am Elina, HR manager for your division.’ We shook hands and had a short chat before she went straight to the point - running me through all the ‘essentials’ of the system. This included an AI staff well-being counsellor that she frankly admitted was rather dumb, and mentioned that I could approach her if I had any problems. I wonder what problems I would run into. She then indicated to me that she would bring me to my private office and run me through the lab team I would be working with. I was rather taken aback by the speed at which sped through everything, but took everything in nevertheless.

I was about to stand up when she chirped, ‘Why don’t you finish your tea? It’s expensive stuff’. I hesitantly looked at the cup; I knew I could finish it but I wondered what the consequences would be. Heck it. I picked the cup up and confidently drained all of its contents into my stomach. Can’t be that difficult to find a bathroom, right? I picked up my bag, stood up and followed her out of the room.

I could feel that my bladder was getting just a little tingly, but curiosity was powering me ahead; I wanted to see for myself what the lab had and what this humanoid robot of theirs was. I momentarily set my personal needs aside. We walked across to the other side of the sprawling complex and took an elevator to the 7th floor; much to my surprise and pleasure, I had been assigned a very spacious private office overlooking the same courtyard from the opposing direction.

We made our way down to ground floor in relative silence after I had locked my handbag at my desk. She then mentioned to me that the actual lab was further away, about 10 minutes’ ride, and asked me if we could stop a while for her to use the bathroom. I looked at her with surprise. Wow. Did I just find a friend? I haven’t had someone else ask me that before. ‘Sure, of course. Let’s get a pee break. I have to go too.’ She smiled and hugged her holo-tablet and spun around to lead me to the toilet. Did she rush through the meeting with me because she had to pee? But I didn’t see her fidgeting.

The bathroom was probably one of the most well-equipped I had ever seen. It had ten stalls, a make-up station and an array of sinks with futuristic nanoparticle air blade taps installed that cleaned using a blast of an alcohol/water mix that was aerosolized to minimize water use. There was even a dedicated, automated hair-drying and styling station at one end of the mirrors. I pointed to that and asked Elina, ‘Have you used that before?’

‘Well, once. It’s OK I guess. Just don’t go in with very long hair, it’ll do dumb things to try to finish using the length of your hair.’, she replied.

We both went into separate stalls beside each other. I was incredibly interested in finding out how desperate Elina was. Even though the sight of the potty caused my need to increase tenfold, I clenched and held on as I closed the door, trying my best to remain silent as I listened to every detail that Elina produced. I heard rustling as she pulled her panties down and her skirt up. Instead of a stream starting, I heard suspicious soft mewing. Seriously, is she using this opportunity to feel herself up?

An additional 30 or so seconds of mewing passed before I decided she probably was really feeling herself up. My right hand was already stuffed between my thighs at this point. I could feel my pussy starting to tingle with a very different need leftover from my train ride earlier; everything around there was starting to swell from my deliberate hold. Hints of an orgasm were building. I turned towards the potty, pulling my skirt out of the way and my panties down before sitting down, heaving a sigh of relief as I released. The orgasmic feeling subsided before peaking as I emptied. Phew. I knew there was no way I could stay silent while having an orgasm. Elina would have heard it. That would have been so embarrassing. The jet I produce is always somehow rather thick; this time, it hit the bowl with a loud rushing noise that filled the bathroom. 9 seconds. Didn’t hold too much this time.

Almost as soon as I finished, I heard a rather loud mew come from next door followed by a slightly more musical noise of a small jet hitting the synthetic porcelain bowl; it went on for way longer than 9 seconds, probably 20 or more. Looks like I really have a small bladder. Sigh. I used an incredibly advanced bidet device that worked on the same principle as the nanoparticle taps before putting my panties and skirt in place and opening the stall door. I got my hands washed before turning around; Elina was still in her cubicle. I hesitated; should I wait for her here or outside? Maybe I should find out more about her.

*007*2017-03-26 10:47

4.The Lab

Finally deciding to leave her in peace, I stepped out of the bathroom and loitered around the corporate tombstone display that was in the reception area. Best employer of the year (2045), one read. Congratulations. 10,000th Bastion Mk IV supplied, read another. Interesting. I didn’t know they do defence robots too. I heard Elina’s peculiar heel clicks as she approached the area. ‘Sorry for taking so long’, she apologized and smiled. She approached the pretty receptionist who seemed to know exactly what Elina wanted; she was handed a cup of tea, a lanyard with a holo-card, something that looked a bit like an authorization token for a vehicle and two 500ml bottles of water.

‘Here, have this. You have to wear it at all times, or nasty things will happen’, Elina said as she handed me the lanyard. She took a sip of the tea and winked, ‘There was some of the lovely tea left from your session earlier.’ I promptly wore it and asked ‘What nasty things?’

‘Well, you see, the facility is considered classified and is guarded by automated drones that might choose to disable you should they not detect a pass on you.’

‘Disable?’

‘Yes, disable. Like spray gooey stuff at you that prevents you from moving at all.’

I looked with puzzlement as we stepped out of the building.

‘You sound familiar with the process of disablement.’ It was meant to be a joke, but sometimes, I guess I don’t sound funny at all. Elina didn’t get it at first and I think she was weirded out, but she got it after a few moments and smiled. She did have a rather sweet smile. ‘Well, I did get gooed up once when I first joined, and it was quite an unforgettable experience. Call me out for lunch if you want to hear what happened.’ She winked.

I found it rather odd we had to discuss it over lunch another time. Maybe that’s my opportunity to know her better and figure out what she was doing in the bathroom earlier. We walked over to a waiting rover and got in. Elina flashed the token she was carrying and the seats locked in place; we were automatically strapped in and the vehicle went on its way along the road. It was a cool day but the sun was up; Elina got out a pair of sunglasses and put them on. Should have brought mine along.

‘Do you commute to the Lab every day like this?’ I asked. ‘No, but I thought I’ll pop by for a visit to see how the folks are doing. I haven’t been in a couple of weeks. My office is one level below yours, in the building we just left.’, she chirped. ‘You can actually take public transport two more stops down and you’ll be at the lab. We are taking this so I can show you the campus.’

Me: ‘Cool. How long have you been here?’

Elina: ‘A couple of years? Lots has been happening since I joined though. The team you are joining tripled in size since I came in.’

Tripled in size. Really. Me: ‘Do you know what they are up to?’

Elina: ‘Well, I roughly do, but I don’t quite understand it when you guys go into that techno babble talk. I know they are creating this robot that looks like one of us.’

Me: ‘One of us?’

Elina: ‘Yeah.. you’ll see. I think they need your help in assessing and sorting out some.. social issues it’s having. At least, that’s what I read in your job description..’

Me: ‘You’re such a HR nut.’

Elina: ‘Don’t blame me? My title says HR Manager!’

I smiled. By now, Elina had finished her cup of tea and had folded the cup into a little square. She took one of the bottles of water, opened it and took a drink. I looked on in astonishment as she gulped down half of the bottle over a three second period. She handed me the other bottle, as if expecting me to do the same. ‘It’s good to stay hydrated. Thought you’ll like to have this.’

‘Thanks’, I replied. Out of obligation I opened the bottle and drank several full mouthfuls, consuming slightly more than a third of the bottle.

We were passing by street after street of swanky, futuristic buildings. Elina started naming them and admitting that she couldn’t remember what some of them were. Many were devoted to defence or extremely specialized products, for instance, there was a building which was dedicated solely to producing customized motors for artificial limbs.

‘We produce everything on site here. I understand from the technical guys that this allows them to prototype really quickly.’ I could hear the uncertainty in her voice, but it was chirpy enough to be forgivable. Just as she finished, the rover we were riding in started slowing down and a chime started sounding. ‘We’re here.’, Elina said as she put it into parking mode.

The Lab was basically a massive, triple storied, high bay white warehouse with huge full height sliding doors. ‘Lab 28’ was stencilled in huge characters on the door; it looked almost surreal and out from a movie set. We stepped in. The space inside was subdivided by container-like buildings with windows; the building seemed to have its own marked internal streets and alleyways. The place was abuzz with activity. There were people even cycling around. I could see test equipment crowding lab benches through the ground level windows we walked by. ‘Those containers are labs’, Elina said as we walked past one.

After walking a considerable distance, Elina scanned her pass and opened the door to what looked to be the largest internal container building. We stepped into a double storied space. It was a land of organized chaos; there were wires, test harnesses and test equipment everywhere. Some were fixed on test consoles and benches running along the sides, others were strapped onto yellow trolleys.

There was a cluster of holographic displays at the far end of the room with quite a few people crowding around; some were in white lab coats, others were in shirts and jeans. It seemed like this was the place for casual office attire. Looks like I overdressed. Oops. Maybe I shouldn’t have opted for this skirt and blazer combination. We started walking towards the display cluster. It was a good 50 meters away and I couldn’t help but notice the peculiar setup in the middle of the room that we were walking by.

A large robotic arm mounted to the floor held a black metal panel in a near vertical position a few inches above the ground. The metal plate had a black felt padding at the front and had probably the strangest object in the room secured to it via straps.

It, or probably I should say, she, was clothed, and was standing on modest heels on little shelves that were welded perpendicularly to the metal panel. The straps securing her to the panel stretched across her arms, legs, waist and chest. The position she was in made seem as if she was standing with her arms by her side and legs about shoulder width apart.

She was wearing an off-white top, a brown belt, a short dark grey denim skirt and a blue denim jacket. Her hair was black and she had sharp, pretty features that were similar to mine. I looked again. Suspiciously similar to mine. Her eyes were closed; It looked like she was sleeping. Looking more closely I noticed that the grey material of her skirt had a dark patch in front at about the position of her crotch that a streak down to the hem of the skirt. It looked almost like a stain. Is that what I think it is?

