Everywhere but the Toilet

Author: Quackduck

*000*2018-04-03 05:34

EBTT Part One

Madison's toilet is broken down. With no way to fix it, she must find other ways to relieve herself.

Although she'd usually wake up around 2 in the afternoon on a weekend, Madison woke up at the break of dawn due to an absolutely exploding bladder that was begging to be relieved. She groaned, not wanting to leave her wonderful home of blankets and pillows, but she knew it needed to be done. She lifted herself up and sat on the side of her bed, willing her tired body to get up and walk to the bathroom. She was wearing only a pair of panties, and a cold draft made her shiver. She figured she should relieve herself as soon as possible so she can get back under the covers.

Madison walked stiffly to the bathroom, trying not to bother her aching bladder too much. When she saw the toilet, though, she remembered why she needed to go so bad. The water was up to the brim of the toilet, and a towel was placed around the bottom of the bowl to soak up any overflowing liquid. Her toilet had been broken for a while, and she hadn't been able to use it for a great deal of yesterday. Being a college student, she couldn't pay for a plumber to fix it. Her decision yesterday was just to wait for it to fix itself.

She twisted her legs up in desperation, wondering what she could do. She considered the sink, but put that out of her brain immediately. Madison rubbed her peehole hard with the tips of her fingers when it threatened to leak, and ultimately decided that this was an emergency. She was going to use the restroom at the gas station down the street.

She waddled as fast as she could to her bedroom, where only a couple pairs of tight jeans and a tank top were clean. She painfully lifted her leg to pull the jeans on, but it caused her to need to pause so she can get her need under control again. She did the same thing with the other foot. The poor, desperate girl had to close her tight jeans around her bulging bladder. It didn't go at first, but she forced it. The added pressure made her tear up as a surge of pain went through her abdomen, but she knew relief was near. She filled her cheeks with air and closed her eyes hard until the pain receded, but the dire need for a toilet still remained. She put on the tank top and got out of her apartment as fast as she could, but she soon found another obstacle. She lived on the third floor of the building.

The stairs were torture to go down, every step increasing her need ever so slightly. Both hands were pressed hard into her crotch, holding the torrent of urine back as she left the apartment building and shuffled down the road. Being so early in the morning, most of the stores weren't open yet, and the roads were reasonably empty, but she knew of a 24 hour gas station down the street that would give her the relief she so desperately desired. She willed her bladder to hold on just a little bit longer, but it felt like she was going to leak any moment. It felt damp under her fingers, which was strange. She didn't think she peed at all yet.

The gas station was in sight. Madison was frantically trying to get there as quick as she could, but the looming danger of leaking was keeping her from going faster. She spurted into her pants. Not wanting to delay relief any further, she tried to continue without stopping, but she spurted again. She twisted up, her hands buried in her crotch, waiting for the wave to subdue, but it didn't feel like it would. Her bladder was ready to give out.

She took another step, causing her to lose control again. She took a deep breath and decided to just go for it. She broke into a sprint, but only steps in, she burst.

The contents of her bladder exploded out into her jeans, and though she strained her sphincter as hard as she could, the stream would not cease. She eventually gave up, dropping to her knees and relieving herself right there on the sidewalk. Pee gushed out of her and onto the pavement, forming a rather large puddle beneath her. She sighed in bliss as her tired peehole allowed the last drops to escape.

Then, she realized what she had done.

A quick, panicked look around ensured her that no one had seen her wet herself, which was a small relief, but she was still mortified nonetheless. She ran back to her apartment building, sprinted up the stairs, and slammed the door behind her. The wet spot that spread from her butt and down the legs of her jeans felt frozen in the cold air. She immediately stripped her jeans and underwear off and added them to the enormous pile of dirty clothes. Madison sat on her bed, in shock of what she had done. She felt like a little kid, peeing herself in public. She didn't know what she would do about the broken toilet, since she obviously couldn't use the gas station everyday.

She just had to figure something out.

To be continued...

*004*2018-04-03 20:37

{{6 hours ago, SAM996 said:

Interesting. I had suggested something like this about a woman who's toilet is broken in the requests thread and having to deal with it. Did you take it from me or did you just happen to think of it yourself?

}}

I didn't mean to take your idea, I'm sorry. A broken toilet is a really common theme in Omorashi fiction. I just wanted to write a story with a girl that was forced to pee in different places around her apartment, and a broken toilet was the most realistic thing I could come up with.

