Is she really going to pee herself in front of her crush?

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-05-13 03:13

I woke up early one morning to my usual alarm: a full bladder. The familiar swell of morning urine was visible by a bump in the waistband of my baby blue panties. I was so tired, but I managed to roll out of bed and stumble into the hallway.

"Hey, Felicity," my roommate greeted as she entered the bathroom.

I shyly covered my chest, wearing only a white tank top. "Hey," I mumbled back as she shut the door. My hand went to my crotch as the sensation started to get to me. I retreated into my room and threw on a big, black t-shirt. I wasn't going to get completely dressed since I usually went back to bed after I pee'd for the first time. I sat on the edge of my bed, squirming and pinching at my crotch. I could hear the patter of my roommate's urine stream through the walls, an uncomfortable reminder.

I heard the front door open and close. "Danielle?" a male voice called. My heart started fluttering. I had a huge crush on my roommate's brother.

"I'm in the bathroom, I'll be right out!" she called back.

I really wanted to talk to him. I hurried over to my mirror and sat on the floor in front of it, my legs criss-crossed and jiggling from my need to pee. I hurriedly started brushing my knotted, silver-blond hair, scooting back and forth. I took out my makeup and started on that, too. It was a little tedious because I could hardly sit still. I winced and wriggled my butt as I screwed the eyeliner cap back on, grabbing my vagina right after. Man, I had to pee. I had to pee so bad my back teeth were swimming. I moved my foot under my butt so I could scoot my pussy into my heel.

Not long after that, if I wasn't holding or rubbing myself, I was fucking with the waistband of my underwear. The bit of pressure it put on my pee baby was enough to make me aware of it, slightly intensifying my distracting urge to urinate.

I was desperate by the time I finished. I could hear the two talking in the main room. I stood up and froze there with my legs crossed for a minute, my full bladder pulsating with urgency. I stood dancing at my dresser as I pulled off my big shirt and decided what to wear. I almost couldn't even think. My urinary system demanded so much of my attention. My urethra, as well as my thighs, were constantly straining to keep my pee in. I never held my morning pee in this long. It was practically unheard of.

I hopped from foot to foot, huffing in frustration. I was overthinking my outfit. Plus, I was starting to sweat from having to pee so bad. I crossed and uncrossed my legs, squeezing and unsqueezing between my legs and pulling at my the butt of my underwear like I had a wedgie or something. I threw something on, checked myself out in the mirror (pee dancing of course), then took it off and stood there puzzling again.

A surge of pressure threatened to make me piss myself right there. I gripped myself and doubled over, filling my cheeks with air and squeezing my eyes shut. A little bit of pee trickled out and dampened my underwear, making me hop around and writhe madly to keep my urine in. My eyes were watering. I thought I had more control than this. I couldn't believe I was about to piss myself!

I jumped into some jean shorts and threw on a sweatshirt, deciding any further outfit choice could be made after my pressing need was taken care of. It was an emergency. I scrambled to my bedroom door and swung it open, finding myself face to face with my roommate's brother.

"Hey," he greeted, with a smile that made me melt.

"H-hey," I replied, struggling to stay composed.

"I didn't know you were home," he said, entering the bathroom. No no no, please, let me in first...

"Oh, yeah, I'm home," I stuttered awkwardly, trying to nonchalantly cross my legs. My bladder was pounding with urgency.

He looked down at my antsy feet. "Hey, do you want to use the bathroom first?" he asked, stepping out.

I turned so red my face felt hot. "No, no! Go ahead, seriously! I was just... going to get some breakfast."

"Ah," he said, smiling at me as he shut the door.

I wedged my hands between my thighs and doubled over. I couldn't even remember a time where I needed to pee this badly.

"Breakfast, huh?" my roommate teased from down the hallway. I shushed her. "What do you want? A smoothie? A bowl of cereal with extra milk? Whatever you have, you're definitely gonna want some orange juice."

I hobbled into the kitchen, sitting uncomfortable on a stool and tightly crossing my legs, rocking back and forth. "I have to go so bad, Dani, I feel like I'm gonna pee my pants..."

"Why'd you wait so long?" There was a pause. "You were doing your makeup for Adam, is that it?"

"Shut up! No I wasn't!" I said in a hushed voice.

"Well, you probably have time to pee in the sink. He told me he had to shit."

My heart sunk. "What? You're joking."

She shrugged. "He did offer you the bathroom first. You didn't wanna take it. So what do you want to eat, for real this time?"

I gasped as a little bit of urine leaked out. I squeezed my crotch and froze, tightening every muscle in my body.

"Jeez, Felicity..."

"Don't do that..." I muttered, hiding my face in my hands. "This is so embarrassing..."

"Hey, everyone's gotta pee," she playfully punched my in the shoulder. "Distract yourself. What do you want to eat?"

I groaned. "I don't want to pile anything on top of this," I said, grimacing.

"Eggs it is," she said, pulling them out of the fridge. "You want toast, too?"

A little bit more urine leaked out and I jumped out of the seat, writhing around crazily, trying not to piss on myself. "O-Oh my god!" I gasped, dropping down to one knee to dig my heel into my dribbling vagina. The pressure just wouldn't dissipate. It lingered furiously, threatening to push more liquid waste out of my exhausted urethra at any moment. My underwear was pretty warm and wet at this point. I could feel the firm shape of my bloated urinary organ in my lower belly, especially when I tried to stand up straight.

Danielle lowered her voice. "Okay, completely serious, you probably do have time to pee in the sink. It's better than peeing your pants."

"I can't!" I said, on the brink of tears. "Ohhh god..." I whined, wriggling like crazy.

"Look at me. Are you gonna pee your pants if you keep holding it much longer?"

My bladder felt like it was going to explode. It hurt so much I couldn't breathe. I couldn't answer her question. I just unbuttoned my shorts and, holding myself as tight as I could, got up and rushed to the sink. I peed a little bit as I stood up.

I yanked my shorts down and hopped up on the sink, bursting almost as soon as I was in position. I let out a choked sigh of relief, shuddering with euphoria. As if on cue, I heard the bathroom door open.

In terror, I clenched every muscle below my waist, painfully stemming the stream to a dribble, and hopped off the sink. I frantically yanked my pants up, slowly wetting my underwear more and more. I writhed around and clutched at my vagina, desperately trying to force my screaming, overfull bladder to stop draining.

Adam turned the corner as the dribbling grew to a jet of piss spraying out of my urethra, soaking the crotch of my jean shorts, rapidly traveling down my inner thighs and letting yellow liquid streak down my legs. His face went white, looking completely shocked as he watched my soil my pants. Danielle had her hnds cupped over her mouth in shock. Urine pattered at my feet. My legs were pressed tightly together, and my hand was gripping my squirting vagina. I couldn't look in anyone's direction as I suddenly bolted past them and into the bathroom, my bladder continuing to drain as I did so, undoubtedly leaving a trail of piss behind me. I emptied my bladder completely into my shorts while I sat on the toilet, wholeheartedly mortified and in disbelief of what just happened.

*003*2022-06-18 18:01

{{On 5/15/2022 at 11:00 AM, Shaggydog said:

This is just wonderful

}}

{{On 5/15/2022 at 10:40 PM, Nar said:

Great story, bro.

}}

Thanks!

