Full Bladder Curse!

Author: Quackduck

*000*2019-04-28 18:26

Although this story is primarily desperation and wetting, there are a couple of moments that include farting. To avoid putting you off if you're not into it, I've made the omorashi parts yellow and the farting parts green to make them easier to avoid.

Part One

Olivia was a curious girl, always wandering through the Magic Forest where she wasn't supposed to go. "There are dangerous things in there," her older sister would tell her, "you wouldn't want a wizard to cast a spell on you for trespassing in his home!" Olivia didn't listen, though. There were far too many wonderful things to see in the Magic Forest.

As she wandered gleefully through a path, she came upon a stream. It wasn't an ordinary stream, though, for the water ran a magnificent glowing blue. Olivia, who had become parched from walking for so long, knelt down and drank from the river. It was the best water she'd ever tasted! She drank and drank until her tummy was full and her thirst was adequately quenched.

"Stop!" she heard someone yell, "stop, stop!"

She looked up and saw a small bearded man with a long cane pointing at her. "You dare drink from my river? My magic river?"

"Oh, I'm awfully sorry," she said apologetically, "I didn't realize this river was yours!"

"Bah, that's what they all say! All want a taste of my splendid water, but it isn't for you! For that, you must pay!"

"But I'm only a girl! I've no powers or weapons! I'll leave now, and you'll never see me again!"

"Nay, no weapons, but you have prying eyes that saw the way to my magic river!"

"I'll never speak a word of it, I swear! I swear!"

"Hmm," the wizard stroked his beard contemplatively, "maybe you speak the truth, but you still have a belly full of magic water. That must come out. Okay, hold still." With that, the wizard shot a beam of golden light at Olivia. It stung a bit, but it mostly just scared her. She fell backwards into the grass.

"Hey!" she shouted, "what did that do?"

"You'll soon see, little girl. It will wear off in a day or two. Now begone with you!"

Olivia ran as far away from the river as she could. By then, it had begun to get dark, and her sister Emma would be wanting her home soon. She began the long way back. As she walked, the curious girl felt herself needing the restroom rather urgently. It wasn't too bad, but she picked up the pace. Not five minutes later, though, her hands had made their way in between her legs, and she was hoping she could make it home. She walked even faster. Ten minutes after that, she was hobbling as fast as she could through the forest, really needing a toilet. She needed to go so badly, but she wasn't even halfway home yet! She decided she couldn't wait and strayed from the trail to look for a good bush.

Once she found one, she began undoing her belt while hopping around from foot to foot. "Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee..." she was saying to herself, pulling down her pants to release her stream. Just at that moment, though, a Bush Gnome popped out, one of the many whimsical woodland creatures that reside in the Magic Forest. She'd never pulled her pants up so fast.

"What're you doing in my front lawn?" he demanded.

"I'm sorry!" Olivia said as she ran away embarrassed, urine sloshing around in her bladder. Now it was an emergency. She felt like she was going to leak at any moment! With both hands pressed hard into her girlhood, she frantically ran around the forest looking for an uninhabited place to do her business. The problem with that is that the magic forest is teeming with intelligent life, gnomes here and wizards there, eyes at every turn that Olivia doesn't want to see her peeing. While she was running, though, she began to leak, and she realized that she didn't have a choice. She yanked her pants down, fell on her butt with her legs spread, and released a torrent of pee, her belly thanking her graciously for the relief. Her head fell back and her eyes closed with bliss. When she looked down, she was surprised to see glowing blue streaming out of her privates instead of golden yellow. This must have been the work of the wizard.

She felt immensely relieved, but the experience had brought back some bothersome memories. As long as she could remember, it was a common occurrence that she would be absolutely desperate for a pee in the morning, but Emma would occupy the bathroom and make her wait. She would bang on the door and beg to be let in. Her sister found the whole situation hilarious and would purposely take as long as possible to come out. She would open the door to make it seem like she was going to come out, then slam it in Olivia's face when she came running.

A few times, it had gotten so bad that she was forced to sprint downstairs and relieve herself in the yard. The last time she did this, though, her sister caught her, and she was subject to even more humiliation. After that, Olivia never even knocked on the bathroom door when she needed to go. She simply sucked it up and held it until the bathroom was available, doing her best to show as little desperation as possible. She got rather good at holding, too, so it was kind of a shock to have lost control so quickly.

That was what she thought about for the entire walk home, thankful that she wasn't around Emma when the curse had set in. By the time she reached her front door, though, she was already shifting her weight from foot to foot. She stepped inside and saw her sister reading on the couch.

"Hey," she greeted.

"Hey," Olivia responded sheepishly, making a beeline to the bathroom.

"You weren't in the Magic Forest, were you?"

"N-no," she said, stepping lightly in place.

"'Cause I can tell, you know, when you're lying." She stared Olivia in the eye. There was an unusual air of seriousness in her voice. "You weren't in the Magic Forest, were you?"

"I swear I wasn't!" A worried, guilty Olivia stood frozen in place, clenching her lower half trying to keep her water in. Finally, she said "I have to pee!" and ran to the toilet, which wasn't a lie. She really had to go.

She released a forceful stream of blue and left to her room, where she picked up one of her favorite books. She hadn't even gotten five pages in before she felt the familiar tingle in her abdomen again.

"What the hell?" she mumbled to herself. "That's it! Why do I have to go so often? It's probably an illusion or something. I don't actually have to go, I just think I do. I'm not gonna go until tomorrow morning!"

Thirty minutes after that declaration, she was having second thoughts. She struggled to stay concentrated on her book, having to reread pages two, three, even four times when her need took up to much of her mind. Her bladder felt like it was about to explode. She was forced to change leg positions every few seconds when the discomfort got to be too much. She gave up on reading and threw her book to the side, bringing her knees up to her chest. Her squeezing fingers and her burning urethra didn't feel like adequate protection against the ocean of pee inside of her. Illusion or not, she had to GO.

Olivia jumped up and ran to the bathroom, but to her dismay, it was closed and locked. Her sister must be in there.

As she jumped, squirmed, and squeezed herself, she felt small squirts of urine occasionally trickle out of her and dampen her underwear. She couldn't bring herself to pee in the yard again, but she had to do something. She twisted and contorted her legs to knock on the door.

"How long are you gonna be, Emma?" she asked sheepishly.

"You just went!" snapped her sister. "Leave me alone!"

Olivia groaned miserably and pressed her fingers in between her legs with all her might, struggling to keep dry. The poor, desperate girl was so full of liquid that she couldn't think. She spurted, then again, then again. Afraid of wetting herself, she ran into her room, dropped her pants, grabbed an armful of dirty laundry, and held it in between her legs. She relaxed, making a loud, hissing stream into the clothes. It didn't take long until the clothes were almost drenched and her bladder had been emptied enough so that she was no longer desperate.

There was still a dull ache reminding her that she still needed to go, though, and not too long after that she was back to squirming around in uncomfortable agony. With both hands pressed firmly in her crotch, the bursting girl sprinted to the bathroom, hoping her sister was done. She wasn't. She jumped, squirmed, squeezed, and twisted for almost ten minutes before the leaks started happening again. Her already damp underwear was cold and sticking to her body.

"Ohhh... I wish I'd never drank from that river!" she moaned, "I hate this stupid curse and I hate that stupid wizard!" Deciding she had no other choice, she held herself as hard as she could and sprinted outside, a small but constant trickle of urine escaping her. As soon as she was out the door, she yanked her pants down, squatted, and exploded a strong blue stream, her pee quickly puddling around her feet. She sighed blissfully, thankful that her house was secluded enough not to be seen, but she still felt twinges of embarrassment and hoped with all her heart that her sister wouldn't see her. She pulled her pants back up, feeling the cold dampness of her undergarments against her crotch and her butt, then went back to her room.

Olivia immediately changed into her pajamas. Later in the night as she lay in bed reading her book, rather tired, she suddenly noticed another dire need to pass water. She hadn't even realized that she needed to go. She rushed to the toilet and relieved herself, then went back to bed and fell asleep.

To be continued...

