Desperation at the Doctors

Author: Quackduck

*000*2017-07-14 20:56

I don't have a pregnant woman fetish, but I witnessed some desperation in the waiting room at a hospital and I got the idea for this story.

Carrie brushed her short blond hair behind her ear and wiped her forehead. She was nervous. Any single mother would, but the reality of it only just recently hit her. She was going to have a baby.

She sipped from her fourth water bottle. Not that she was thirsty, but because it was standard procedure for an ultrasound. She needs a full bladder for it to work. Her stomach was bloated now, and not just from her five week old baby. She already kind of had to pee, but it wasn't enough. Her doctor had taken the next patient until she needed to go worse, so she downed three extra water bottles in the span of ten minutes.

Thirty minutes passed. The doctor asked Carrie if she was ready, and she said no. He took another patient in. She wasn't sure if it was just nerves, but as soon as the door closed it felt like all the water she drank fell to her bladder immediately. She was tapping her foot and drumming her fingers. Just to make sure, she downed her fourth water bottle.

An hour passed, and she really regretted not taking the opportunity to pee when she could. She was fanning her legs, squirming around in her chair, and occasionally needing to give herself a squeeze. Ohhhh god I have to pee so bad... Why didn't I just take the ultrasound when I had the chance? I need to goo... Carrie crossed her legs to help keep the urine in. She involuntarily shoved her hand into her crotch when a wave hit.

Another hour passed, and Carrie was desperate. Her jeans were digging into her poor bladder, and her baby pushed on it, making her need way worse than it should be. Her legs were locked together and there were tears in her eyes. She was sweating and rocking back and forth. She stood up and walked over to the desk.

"Excuse me, I'm here for an ultrasound but I really need to use the restroom. Where is it?"

"I'm sorry, ma'am, you can't use the restroom when you're about to do an ultrasound."

Carrie laughed nervously. "But it's reeeally bad now. It's an emergency."

"I can't let you go." She had her legs crossed and her hand in her crotch as she spoke to her, trying to keep her dire need at bay. The doctor came back out.

"Oh thank god! I have to pee so badly! Can I just let a little bit out in the bathroom?" she asked desperately.

"I don't think that's a good idea," the doctor said, "you might not be able to stop. I can take you now."

Carrie waddled into the room with an ocean of urine in her overfilled bladder. It pulsed painfully and contracted every few seconds. The doctor handed her a hospital gown. "Here, change into this while you wait for the technician." The doctor left the room and left Carrie alone.

She shifted her weight from foot to foot as she tried to undo her belt. A wave of desperation washed over her and the torrent of pee made her double over and cross her legs.

"Ohhhhh my god..." she moaned, trying to regain her composure. It was extremely relieving to get her belt and jeans off. It was a bit easier to hold after that, but it was still difficult. Her bladder yearned badly for relief.

The technician came in when she had changed. She layed down on the bed, trying to ignore the pain in her belly. All of the pent up liquid boiled inside of her, screaming to be released. Her pussy quivered under the immense pressure.

The sonographer applied cold jelly on the skin around her bladder. She couldn't help but jump. It was an extremely sensitive area right now. Her bladder throbbed even worse.

She completely forgot about her need during the ultrasound. She received pictures of it and was sent into the bathroom to change.

"Oh, Carrie," called the doctor, "I'm sorry but you can't use that toilet. It's broken." All of a sudden, the pain came back over her. She went into the bathroom and struggled to keep the pent up urine inside of her. There was so much liquid she needed to release that it was hard to focus on anything else. There were tears in her eyes and she was shaking. She pulled her jeans on, but when she tried to close her belt, she put too much pressure on her bladder and leaked a little inter her underwear. She dropped to one knee, desperately holding the extreme amount of pee inside of her. She got completely dressed and rushed out of the office. Every step felt like knives going into her bladder.

One hand held her ultrasound records while the other held her crotch. She ran across the parking lot and to her car, where she fumbled with her keys to get it started. The heat in the car made it even worse. She was shaking and squirming in her seat, moaning and grabbing her crotch.

She was speeding down the road. She was unlucky enough to encounter multiple red lights.

Carrie spurted into her pants. Every time a wave hit, she would leak more and it would take more to get it under control. There was a visible urine stain on her pants. Her urethra burned from holding in so much fluid. Her bladder ached, begging to be emptied. Her clit was soaked with urine.

When she pulled into her driveway, she yanked the key out of the ignition and stood, but a wave hit and forced her back down into her seat. She sat there for a minute as the urine pleaded to be released. Her bladder hurt so bad that she could barely walk, but she gritted her teeth and sprinted to the house. One of her hands unlocked the door and the other grabbed hard at her crotch. An ocean of pee was pent up inside of her, screaming to be released.

When she got inside, she leaked with every step she took. One big wave hit and she doubled over in agony, crying and sweating. She spurted a lot into her pants. This leak didn't stop, though. She ran into the bathroom and desperately tried to undo her jeans, all while peeing herself. The pain was so intense. Carrie's poor bladder was stretched beyond it's limit. It felt like it was going to rupture at any moment. She was crying from the immense throbbing. It hurt so bad that she just gave up. She fell back on the toilet and let the liquid explode out of her at full force into her jeans. She could hear it hissing out and splashing in the toilet. The relief was so great that she moaned from it. Her bladder finally emptied. After two minutes, she was still on the toilet, letting the last few drips come out.

She had no regrets about releasing her bladder into her jeans. There were pins and needles in her belly from the pain. She sighed and let her head fall back.

What a day.

